The Right Way to Upload Shorts on YouTube in 2025 (Best Settings)

How do you properly upload a YouTube short and what settings do you use to get the most views? Well, my friend Noel is one of the world's top YouTube short strategists. She's literally posted shorts that have gotten over a billion views. So, I got on a call and got her to walk us through step by step her entire shorts posting process, including all the best settings and psychological hacks to hook your viewers. So, without further ado, here's that call. I've been in the YouTube space for probably 3 to four years now, give or take. And my big claim to fame is I was the director of content at Mini Katana. I had the privilege and honor of actually taking that YouTube channel from 1,000 subscribers to by the time I left it had hit 12 million and then we were doing 500 to a billion views a month all on YouTube shorts. When I think like YouTube shorts expert, you're the first person that comes to mind. I want to see this uploading process now. Do you want to show us how you actually would go about uploading a short step by step? Yes, let's do it. Here we are. We are in the back end of YouTube Studio. So, if I click here over on create, I'm going to Oops. Oh, me. I'm not going to go live. I'm going to go click upload video. I'm going to click select. No one is going to judge me in the comments for the number of files I have. Please and thank you. And then please judge her for the fact that she's using a Mac cuz that's disgraceful. So, this is a video specifically about beekeeping, growing trees. This is a short form video. And so, while we wait for this to currently upload, and the fact that this is taking about a minute is actually a really good sign. Can I pause you for a sec and ask you? You said it's only taking 60 seconds to upload. That's a really good sign. Why is that a good sign? It's a good sign because you would be absolutely shocked how many short form creators are not uploading in a like 4K or HD. Media quality matters on YouTube. It matters on Instagram. It matters on Tik Tok. And all of these platforms have said we will deprioritize content that is low quality. And so I say that it's good that it's taking a second because I know that this video is HD just by the fact that it's going to take 60 seconds to upload it. Here you've uploaded your video. We have our video. It's finished processing. We're currently going through some copyright checks, which is good. We want to fill out a title. When I'm actually going to write a title or a caption, one thing that you should keep in mind is length. Because if you're scrolling on YouTube shorts on your phone, you will probably see videos that you have to click a dot dot dot to get the full context of a caption. If someone needs to click the dot dot dot to read more, 90% of your audience is never going to click that dot dot dot to read more. And so any of the important info that you need people to understand, make sure you're doing it before you have to click dot dot dot. When I'm actually going to write a title or a caption, I would always recommend using a tool like TubeBuddy, Vid IQ, right? You can choose whatever poison you want to use. Generally, what I will do is I'm actually going to go into TubeBuddy. I am going, what is this video's value? And can I present that in an interesting way that's going to hook people in? And so for example, if I'm typing in how to beep and I click explore, you will see very very quickly that that phrase itself doesn't have a lot of search volume. There are not a lot of videos that exist with this specific title and so I'm not going to have a lot of competition and there's a lot of opportunities to optimize this title and no one else is taking advantage of those. However, monthly search estimates are actually pretty low. When you say SEO, it's less for search here and more just using like SEO as a as a way to sort of gauge general interest in certain terms. Is that right? Depending on your video, it may help YouTube align your video with the correct audience and the correct niche that you're trying to communicate with. And so if you are a beekeeper that is just starting to post, providing YouTube words that will help them understand that your content should be pushed to people that are interested in beekeeping. That is a great opportunity to saturate this space with key words that somebody might be interested in that is related to that. At Sticky Rolls, for example, we would use the word friendship bracelets and we had no affiliation with Taylor Swift, but we ensured that Taylor Swift, that phrase was always included in our description because friendship bracelets are a big thing. And Taylor Swift is a massive, you know, person obviously who I'm sure gets hundreds of millions of searches a day. And so by including her name in this description, we were trying to communicate to the algorithm, hey, show this video to people that might be interested in Taylor Swift content. That's the audience we're trying to target. Let me jam-pack this description with any of those interests and hobbies. So, this has the opportunity to hit their for you page. In the case of the video that we're currently uploading, this video is about did you know you can train beekeepers to chop down trees? I would probably start with SEO testing that, right? And I'm going to begin to sort of evaluate, am I going to be able to rank in SEO and is this caption or title going to increase the curiosity in the viewer or is it just going to reaffirm and almost be repetitive in what I've said in the hook? And so, this is kind of a game that you end up playing with the titles above anything else. And don't spend a ton of time on this. You should look at this as a learning opportunity for the niche that you're in. and also the audience that you're trying to address with your content. Use this space as a way to encourage people to watch and open curiosity gaps, but not necessarily change the trajectory of your video above anything else. You can teach beekeepers to chop down trees. I don't think that that's going to crush, but let's take a look. Honestly, that's a lot higher than I thought. Um, right. Let's look at teach beekeepers to chop down trees. Interesting. Let's just look at chop down trees. Interesting. So, all of a sudden, by removing beekeepers, we've jumped like 97 out of 100. So, probably from there, what I'm going to do is I'll take a look at these different related searches to just see, are there any words that are popping out to me that I can actually use and leverage, right? Climbing in the woods, deforestation paragraph here. I like this cuz I think this is a little controversial. Chopping down trees ethically. Let's see what that looks like. Looks like that was not as effective, right? Chopping down trees with an axe. Let's take a look at that. And so this is sort of a silly game you can play for 5 to 10 minutes to look at what is the most effective way for me to communicate this info. Oh, day one of building building a house from my backyard. I potentially really like that direction. Ha, there baby. And so just taking a look at this, I think that that provides more info actually than some of the other how-to videos because we're actually not teaching people how to build a house. We're not teaching people how to cut down wood. We're telling the narrative of a beekeeper who has grown trees in his backyard. But interestingly, I'm not saying trees in this because I think harvesting building a house from just your backyard has a lot more curiosity to it than I cut down some trees from my backyard and I built a house. Like great, all houses are built out of trees, but by not specifying trees in this title, what materials is he using from his backyard? Is it trees? Is it bushes? Is he creating like a beaver dam that he's going to live in? Like, you don't have the answers to that question. And so, you're more likely to continue to watch the video concept. And also understand that this is going to be a series. We might not see the final result at the end of this video. And that's okay cuz you're invested in the narrative and the process rather than just the outcome. So now that we have our title technically I'm going to come over here and just paste it in. Generally what I recommend is camel case. Then from there I get a lot of questions. Do you need hashtags? No. Hashtags don't matter. They've essentially become obsolete. However, hashtags are not going to hurt or harm your video. And so if you want to include hashtags just include like one to three in your title. It is an opportunity for you to say this is happening in New Zealand. So maybe I'm providing some new context to my viewers that this is happening in New Zealand. I'm not necessarily caring about how many videos are hashtagged with New Zealand. I'm caring about how including this hashtag and this language on screen is actually changing and shifting the viewers perspective of what this video is about. Peeking people's interest is always your goal with this. and giving them more info and another reason to actually watch through your entire video is really the most critical portion of this title. Similar to long form, right? You're trying to get people to click. In this case, you're trying to keep people from scrolling away. And so, if you say #united States, that's going to be less interesting. If you say #Japan, Japan is one of the most trendy places to visit right now. And so, interestingly, anything relating to Japan right now is overperforming because so many people are interested and curious and searching it up and just watching content. Gotcha. So, it's like we want to add as much context as we can in the title with the caveat that the context has to make the video more interesting, not just be more information for the sake of more information. Exactly. Four descriptions, Marcus. Right. Fun trivia. Where do I find the description from here? Uh, I'm pretty sure you go the three dots, don't you? Yep. and then I have to click once and then I have to click again and hit description. So few people are actually looking at your description from a short form perspective. Another thing just to call out, it's great that this video happens to have links. None of these links are hyperlin, right? You can't click on them directly. You have to copy and paste. And so when you think about the viewer experience on short form, 99% of people are never going to read your description. Period. because it's not in an easy to access place. Unlike the caption that we see here or the title, everyone is going to read that that opens up this short. When I'm looking at a description, generally what I do, I'll go to shot GPT and I will grab the transcript of my video. Then all I'm going to do is I'm going to drop this into chat GPT. Once I have the transcript of a video, I will have a copy and paste prompt that essentially outlines who am I trying to target, how am I trying to target them, what are the common SEO terms in this niche that will be successful, and I'm going to 500word vomit all of this into this description and then I'm just going to paste it. I will read it now, but yeah, build it. Duh. I think that this is solid. I think that this is hitting a lot of the keywords that I'm interested in. Finally, when it comes to descriptions, the beauty of YouTube is you can actually click this fantastic button called reuse details. Ultimately, you can draft a post and just call it template for beekeeping content, template for wellness content. do all of the work and then just reuse those details every single time on every short from a description perspective since you're still targeting the same audience depending on the content pillar, but you're just saving yourself the work of having to remake a description that 99% of people aren't going to see and is really just used to help the algorithm find who they're supposed to show this content to. Beautiful. Next section, thumbnails. When I come to YouTube and go to a channel, we'll use Mini Katana so I can flex. If we look at mini katana, no one is ever landing on this page unless somebody is going to binge your content potentially. And so adjusting this thumbnail is not going to make or break whether someone views your content because most of it's coming through the shorts feed and the video just automatically starts playing. We come over here and take a look at Tik Tok for example. Hey Marcus, do you have a Tik Tok? Can I go stalk you there? I don't and I plan on keeping it that way. Same. If I come over here to look at Mini Katana's channel, there's no titles. There's no caption. Unlike YouTube, right, I can at least begin to see the context that's being provided. And so, especially on YouTube, the thumbnails don't matter because hopefully your title is doing all of that work that you don't get a title on Tik Tok, you don't get a title on Instagram. After thumbnails, then playlist. What I would recommend, and I'm sure Marcus, you've right, you've talked about this before. I think I've seen you talk about this in a YouTube video. You can absolutely add your short form content to a playlist. You're more than welcome to. What I recommend is think about that series and bingeability pieces. If somebody is likely to have interest in a playlist you've created, whether it's a watch me build my house for 100 days and you have all of that series in there, or if you're mini katana, we come over here and look at all of their playlists. The biggest secrets of anime you need to know. you can binge this content cuz it's in a clear-cut content pillar that somebody might have interest in. And so that's the time I recommend leveraging playlists is if you're considering how people can watch content from a bingeable perspective. Next, after playlist, when it comes to audiences, never set your audience for kids. End of discussion. Kid content does not allow people to actually go through and make comments. There's bad monetization pieces that come with that. And when we think about short form, you generally need to be hitting about 100% retention on a video. The only time that's not the case is if you're making a 60-second long concept. You can get away with like 85 to 90%age viewed on those longer short form concepts, but if it's any shorter than that, you need to be getting 100% of retention on these short form videos. If it's 40 seconds or less, if somebody is watching your video and clicks on the comments, what happens to the video? it keeps playing. YouTube is counting that as watch time. It's counting it towards the retention. And so, if you do not give people the opportunity to have a conversation in the comments, you're probably missing out on retention. And so, always make sure your content is set for adults and make sure that it's set for no, it's not made for kids. No age restriction. Always never mark paid promotion. I don't recommend altering your content. Like, I would just say no. always do automatic chapters, featured places, automatic concepts, all of those are fine. When it comes to tags, this is always an interesting conversation. And my favorite thing about YouTube is they're so clear with what they want you to do. They specifically say otherwise tags play a minimal role in helping viewers find your video. And so what I would recommend, and you can use tools like TubeBuddy or Vid IQ to do this. Again, going back to that templatized idea, have a set of tags for every content pillar in that specific content pillar draft that you're just repeating every single time. And include any of these misspelled words that people are commonly messing up as they type. I generally say add 500 characters worth of tags, but don't do it for every video. Include it in your template so you can just copy and paste every single time. Set your video language to English. You can keep captions on. Recording date. I never set. Always recommend YouTube standard licensing. I always use people in blogs. Actually, Marcus, do you have an opinion on that? Do you ever change your category? The only time that I think it's made a slight difference that I've noticed has been in gaming. Cuz in gaming, when you select gaming, you can select the actual game. That has helped with a little bit of categorization. especially if like the content's a little bit more general and you're not mentioning the game in the clip or you're not mentioning the game in the title or description or anything like that. But aside from that, I haven't seen a big impact. Interesting. Okay, that makes sense. I've never worked on a gaming channel and so I have not gotten to play around with that. But yes, I guess right listen to Marcus. Unless you're in a gaming channel, it doesn't really matter that much. And so I always leave it as people in blogs, especially if I'm working with a brand because YouTube doesn't like people leaving the platform. generally they want brands to spend money on paid and so I will try to convince the algorithms and the platforms as much as humanly possible that I'm not a brand I'm a person and just try to get them to push my content organically and then for the rest of this write comment and ratings I really find it annoying if you turn off how many views are on or how many likes are on a video so just leave it on unless you have a really good reason not to when it comes to video elements there's a couple really cool things you can actually do with YouTube shorts and actually any content I think on YouTube now is you can add a related video. And what this looks like is if you click add, I can actually link to any of my other videos that I've ever posted on a channel. Whether it's long form or short form, you can push people from shorts to a long form. You can also push people from a short form to the next short form. The one thing I would point out about this is that not many people are actually clicking on that hyperlink and going and watching long form content. A lot of the time, if you have a short form video that does 10 million views and is linking a long form, if you're expecting to have tens of thousands of people driven to the long form from this short form's virality, you're going to be really, really disappointed because people just want to stay in their little dopamine gambling world of trying to find the biggest hit of entertainment versus deciding and settling down for a 20 minute long video above anything else. Is there like a rough percentage you found if you had to like spitball it? I don't have an exact answer, but even if only.5% of people are going from your short form to your long form, it's still so so valuable to capture that.5% of people, but I want to say like 3 to 4% of people that are actively clicking on that link and going and viewing a long form. From a series perspective, I would say that probably is a different story. If you can create a day one, day two, or like a long-term journey that you're communicating to people within the same medium, so short form to short form, you'll probably have a higher success rate, maybe 5 to 7% of people that will be interested in continuing to watch that series. So, we talk about how important it is for retention on shorts. And then you're adding a link for people to leave your short. Is that going to hurt the retention? It sounds like you're saying that the amount of people who leave is so minuscule that it doesn't really have an impact on the performance. And even if it does have a tiny impact on performance, getting those people to watch your long form videos is worth it. Yes, 100%. If somebody exits my short form to go watch part two, part three, part four, even if it's short to short, the individual AVDs and retention on those concepts might dip a little bit, but the total time this viewer is spending binging my content and their total watchtime session on my channel is going to be astronomically larger if I've done that correctly. And I believe YouTube is beginning to recognize that and actually prioritize total watch time of session even potentially sometimes more than individual videos AVD and percentage viewed. A lot of information there was really cool. I didn't realize how deep that was in a good way. I'm not that's not me subtly telling you to shut up and speak less. I was like genuinely genuinely really interesting. So going back to this, we've talked about related videos. Adding subtitles meh. I generally recommend adding captions to your videos within the video itself rather than simply relying on auto translated captions. Not going to make or break it. Feel free. You can add subtitles. Just do it English YouTube automatic and then move on. It won't make a difference in terms of performance. So once we finished our video elements, then you get to take a look at checks, right? Was there any copyright claims or copyright strikes that came up before you've posted this? If I've included a Beyonce song in my video, it's going to flag it here and say ding ding ding. you will not be able to monetize this content for yourself with this Beyonce video. And so I generally recommend avoiding copyright issues at all costs. Use copyright free music unless you are leveraging a trending audio. Think about how Tik Tok trends and Tik Tok sounds have really revolutionized how people are consuming content. You need to be using the trending sound if you're going to do a trend because people associate that sound with the specific trend. In those instances, feel free to use Doi's anxiety song if you're participating in a trend. Otherwise, don't have any copyright strikes in your content, please and thank you. It'll just be better for your sanity and probably your channel's overall health in general. Makes sense. Makes sense. Is this the part where we should talk about shopping as well, or is that does that come after visibility? That's a really great question. Let's go take a look as a team, shall we? Let's do it. So then sort of talking about YouTube monetization and YouTube shopping, which is a really interesting thing that I have not seen enough people leveraging in the space. And so on the earn section of YouTube, you can actually tag products in content. And this is done during the uploading process on YouTube. If you connect a video with a product, people can actually click on that product while watching your video, purchase that product, and you can earn commission on it. So if we look at Mini Katana, you can see all of their products listed underneath store. This is what this tab is used for. And so if you scroll, you can see all of these different sword variants that are purchasable and actually taggable on YouTube within content. If you take a look at mobile and go to Mini Katana's YouTube Shorts, you will see that products are popping up after the first one to two seconds of a video and they're actually clickable. You can also tag multiple products in a single video, which is fascinating. Good news is YouTube has said that if you are tagging products in a video on average those videos are performing at a higher rate. The other thing is that you can earn commission on those products which is spectacular. And then we've made it to visibility. Here we are. One question I get asked a lot is when should I post? YouTube will show you recommended times. Same with all of the other social platforms. But ultimately what I recommend is think about what type of audience are you trying to target. That is all you need to think about. Just post when your target demo is going to be online and actively consuming social media and then try to be consistent with it. So your core fans and channel loyalist audience knows every single day Marcus uploads a short at noon. So I can expect a piece of content at noon and go stock his channel every single day. Great. And then you can schedule on YouTube. It's a beautiful thing and all platforms now. And so you can just go public and then schedule it specifically. Always double check that your time zone is correct because it's so sad when you mispost something in the wrong time zone. And then you can simply schedule it just like this. The two other things about posting that I would recommend that people think about if you are trying to target an audience and a location different than your own when you're going to post. I do recommend using a VPN. VPN into wherever in the world you're trying to target. Help YouTube. Help the platforms. Help the algorithm. Don't switch every video. Don't try to like optimize by like ooh this is about Japan and this is about New Zealand. You could I think that's a waste of time and actually a bad community building mechanism but I would say think about generally where does your target demo live and then either VPN or physically be in that space when you go to post above anything else. Another question then the final piece I have that I get asked a lot is Noel I don't want to post to all of these silly short form platforms manually. It's so much work. Is there a third-party tool I can use to automate uploads? And I have such sad news for everyone. The answer is I don't recommend it. There are tools, but unfortunately, platforms will punish you for using a third party tool rather than going in and manually uploading like a human. Now, I'm not saying that you need to edit in Tik Tok or that you need to edit in YouTube or anything along those lines, but I do recommend doing the process just like we did today across all platforms. You don't want a good piece of content getting deprioritized because you didn't spend the 2 minutes it takes to actually post the video yourself. So, massive thanks to Noel for sharing her wealth of knowledge. Links to all of her good stuff will be down below. But like Noel said, if your content itself isn't interesting, it's going to be really hard to make your shorts go viral. So, click the video on screen. It's going to show you how to find good content ideas. So, that way when it comes to uploading and posting, you're not going to be polishing a turd. I'll see you in that video.

If your videos get less than 100 views… DO THIS NOW

I'm making this video for Rocks, young guy on Discord, full-time factory worker, quote, going through hell. And his dream is to be a full-time YouTuber. But after 7 months of hard work, he got 240 subscribers, and many of his videos still get less than 100 views. Rox, you sent me a long message, asked for my advice. So, I'm going to check out your new channel, and give you a breakdown of exactly what I would do if I was in your shoes. And I'm making this as a video because I think other people who relate to your situation might benefit from this advice if they're also stuck getting less than 100 views a video. Well, there's three big layers we need to talk about. But first, I do want to say I can't pretend to know what it feels like to be you right now. But it sounds like it's pretty brutal walking 15 20ks a day pushing and pulling heavy objects around on an injured Achilles. But as the quote says, the greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it. If you or anyone watching this video for that matter does what we talk about today, I really believe that in the future, you'll be able to look back on this period right now and tell your friends, your family, other aspiring YouTubers about your heroic success story. and your story is going to hit them so much harder because of where you're starting and because of the [ __ ] you're going through right now. So, with that said, I'm rooting for you. I think everyone watching this is rooting for you. Let's get into the tactical advice. So, like I said, there's three steps. We're going to make this extremely practical. So, I've got a whiteboard here and we're going to start at the top and work backwards. So, let's say this circle represents the amount of time you have in a day. Now, out of these 24 hours, eight of them will be dedicated to sleep, especially since you're working a pretty intense physical job. about 10 hours per day is going to be dedicated to your work. Not just doing your work, but preparing for your work, commuting to your work, etc. And then when you get home, another two hours of your time will be dedicated to doing chores. Just general housework, cooking, cleaning, etc. And bear with me here cuz I know this is probably sounding douchy and time management, but I promise I'm not going to tell you to time box your [ __ ] calendar till it looks like a game of Tetris. So, when all is said and done, you're left with about 4 hours right here. Now, obviously, the more time you have to spend on something, the better you get and the more progress you make on that thing. So, what we need to do is maximize the hell out of this. Weekends plus 4 hours a day is actually more than enough time to be a highly skillful creator. The problem is you're not actually spending 4 hours of time working on your YouTube channel. What your free time actually looks like is, oh, this chunk goes to hobbies. This chunk goes to social media. This chunk goes to you watching TV or playing video games. And so what most people are doing is they're trying to be successful creators just using this tiny sliver of time right here. And it makes things so hard. Not just cuz there's a lot for you to do right now, but there's a lot of things you don't know. There's a lot of things you need to learn. And that takes time. So rocks, here's what I'm going to tell you to do. You no longer watch TV. Not even when you're eating, cleaning, doing chores. When you're eating, you're thinking about YouTube. You no longer have social media on your phone. You turn your phone on airplane mode and put in another room when you get home. Or if you really need to have your phone on you, you have grayscale on which is proven to decrease your phone usage by 30%. Yes, it looks ugly. Yes, it looks gross. That's the point. And if there are particular danger apps on your phone, for example, my poison of choice is Instagram res for some horrific reason, you get an app like Undistract. So, if you really need to have Instagram on your phone for messaging or whatever, when you go to open that app, it asks how long do you want to spend here, you pick a small amount of time, and then it kicks you out once that time is up. For your computer, grab the Chrome extension, Undistract. You can see I have it here. It blocks Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Reddit, Netflix, LinkedIn, Instagram, Pinterest, and you can customize your settings in here. So, for example, obviously you might need to use YouTube for your YouTube work, but you don't need the viewer side of YouTube. So, you can turn off recommendations, hide the breaking news bar, hide comments, you can blur thumbnails, which I do very commonly, hide next up suggestions, hide shorts, and then what we're also going to do for now is get rid of your hobbies. Your hobby right now is YouTube. See, the most productive people I know don't work a hell of a lot faster than the average person. they just have more focus and less distractions while they're working. So now you've gone from this tiny little sliver of 1 to two hours of time you can spend on YouTube to this whole new chunk of time. And more importantly, this time is undistracted time. It's focused. You're locked in. And yes, cutting your hobbies, cutting TV, cutting social media might be miserable for a bit. And you don't have to do it forever. Once you get to the point that you can quit your job and go full-time into YouTube, these 10 hours of work now become time you can also spend on YouTube. So you can afford to be a little less disciplined. But in the meantime, embrace the suck. Do this because you know what sucks more? Respectfully, working the next 15 to 20 years of your life in the same factory you're in right now, pushing around heavy objects and walking 15 to 20ks a day. I know that sounds harsh, but I'm trying to give you some tough love here. So, this was step one. We're freeing up your time rocks and making you as undistractable as possible. Now, let's talk about step two, and let's go up here just so we get a bit more space. So, we now have this slice of time that's dedicated to YouTube. When you get home, you've cut out all the distractions. So, literally the only thing you can do is chores and work on YouTube. But when you're working on your channel, we want you to be able to squeeze the most juice possible out of those hours. And a main way I would suggest you do this is use tools. Technology and AI is moving at such an incredible rate right now, but creators for some reason have this weird aversion to harnessing it. Look, doing everything manually might seem cheaper and more authentic, but if you could get the exact same result using a tool in half the time, it's like needing a mode of transportation as though going and buying a horse and cart in 2025. And there's you just bumbling down the highway, there's cars zooming past you, and you're just like, "Don't worry, Bessie. We're far more authentic than they'll ever be." Not to mention the price of gas. If you're a small channel with limited time, you're not getting views, and you want big success, don't be Amish. Even although the Amish gave in and use electric tools and [ __ ] nowadays, tactically what you're going to do, look at where you're spending your time. Look at the actual things you're doing and intensely research and test tools and AI that could help you do those things faster. Important caveat, we're not adding additional things to your plate. We're looking at things you're already needing to do and then trying to find systems or tools that can help us do those exact same things, get the exact same result in two to 300% less time. And yes, most of the things you try will be wastes of time. But there are some diamonds in the rough that will save you tens of hours of time each month. So rocks for me some tools I'm using chat GPT specifically if there are pieces of text that all follow a similar format that I need to generate a lot. I create chat GPT bots so I can generate those chunks of text in 5 seconds instead of 5 minutes. Next, AI thumbnails. I'm extremely bullish on AI thumbnails. I personally use a service called Pixels. I'm friends with the founder. You can actually see on my channel right now. This video right here is an AI thumbnail with some minor Photoshop tweaks. This is an AI thumbnail. This video is an AI thumbnail. I've also got some more popular videos with AI thumbnails as well. This video right here, 230,000 views, AI thumbnail. And I actually tested this thumbnail against one that was professionally designed and it got more views than the professional one. I built a tool, Velo, that uses data to help you find viral video ideas. Also, tools like Timebolt that automatically cut out the silences from your videos. A lot of video editing software has this inbuilt nowadays. And then there's Opus and Invido. And yes, these tools cost money, like a car, but they help me get things done two to three times faster. By using them, I'm taking this chunk of time I have right here, and I'm turning it into something that looks more like this. I have the same amount of time, but I'm doing things far more efficiently. Rox, I'm going to send you links to these tools. I'm also going to give you a free copy of my tool, Valio. Anyone else who's watching, I'll leave links down below. Unfortunately, not free copies, but the ones that I'm affiliated with, you can get big discounts. But I'll say it one more time here. You're not taking tools to add additional tasks onto your plate. look at things you're already doing and see what tools can help you do these things faster and more efficiently and then invest the 2030 bucks a month into them to save you that extra 3 5 10 hours a week. But now we've talked about efficiency. There's one more thing we need to talk about up here point number three and that is effectiveness. See efficiency which we just talked about and effectiveness are not the same thing. Efficiency is doing things more quickly and effectiveness is doing the right things in the first place. Which means it's possible to free up your time and be extremely efficient, but be extremely uneffective because you're wasting all of your time and efficiency doing the wrong things. And the good news is, rocks, at the stage you're at, small channel, not getting many views, there's only really six things you need to focus on right now. And I have a full video going over the six things, but let me give you the TLDDR version right here. So, in order of least important to most important, number six, we have frequency. This is how often you post videos. As Alexi would say, volume negates luck. If you post one video a month over the course of a year, you have 12 opportunities to be discovered. If you post two videos a week of the exact same quality, you now have 104 opportunities a year to be discovered. 12 videos a year or 104 opportunities per year. Which of those two creators do you think is more likely to get lucky and have at least one video blow up? Next, number five, we have X factors. X factors are the reason why someone would watch your channel and your videos instead of your competitor's channels or videos. You want to think about this and come up with tangible X factors or reasons to watch you over them. Because otherwise, if you're not bringing anything new to the table, your competitors probably already have the social proof. So, they beat you and viewers will choose to watch their videos by default. Point number four, we have consistency. Now, consistency and frequency are actually confused, but I would define consistency as doing the same thing in a similar way over a lengthy period of time. And the most important thing to be consistent about is the types of videos you're creating. This can be referred to as picking a niche because really dialing in like that helps you one, become better at creating those types of videos cuz you get more practice creating a specific type of video. Two, it helps you build a more loyal audience. And three, it helps train the algorithm on who your channel and videos are for, so it can serve your videos to the right people more reliably. Once you've optimized your posting schedule frequency, you don't have to go back and reoptimize it every week. These next three things are the most important things, are things you have to focus on day in day out as a creator. So, first one, your video retention. Creating videos that hook and engage people all the way to the end or as many people as possible. Next, packaging. How you market your video to the world. This is primarily your title and thumbnail. And finally, number one, the most important thing on YouTube, your video ideas. Essentially, video ideas is just what types of videos you decide to make and what you make them about. Six things in order of priority. Ideas, packaging, retention, consistency, X factors, and posting frequency. Anything. And I mean anything. Listen to me with your whole soul right now. Anything that does not relate to one of those six things I just mentioned, particularly the top three. Not worth your time right now as a small creator getting less than 100 views. Now, regarding the first three, ideas, packaging, retention, rocks, here's how you're going to start working on these. So, let's start at the top. The most important killer video idea. The most common mistake a small YouTuber at your stage will make in my opinion is you waste a lot of time and effort making videos that should not exist in the first place. Either because those video ideas have already been done to death in your niche, or nobody is interested in watching those types of video ideas. Buffett talks about it's more important to be in the right boat than it is to be rowing hard. Being in the right boat is having a great video idea. So, how do you come up with a great video idea? Well, as a small creator getting less than 100 views, at this point, you've probably realized that you're not an intuitive creative genius. That's okay. I'm not either. So, instead of relying on our intuition or brainstorming, what we can do instead is research. Now, Rox, you're in a decent space. So, if I go to Google Trends, for example, go to this website and come to this search bar. I'm going to type in a vague term that relates to your niche. So, Rox, you're currently in the June Awakening niche, the survival game. So, I'm going to click on that. I'm going to go worldwide past 12 months. We can see there's a lot of people right now interested in this game. If we compare this to say Fortnite, obviously Fortnite's a lot more popular, but this gives you a rough gauge that, you know, June Awakening is up there. There's people interested in it. While I would warn you about getting too entrenched in one specific game, cuz then that game dies, your whole channel dies. For now, you're okay. So, we know there's demand. There's people who want to watch this type of content. What we're going to do now is come to chat GBT and tell it to generate you a list of other highly popular games that are very similar to June Awakening. And if anyone watching this doesn't have a gaming channel, you can do the same thing. Figure out what type of content you make and then find a list of the most similar things to your niche. Now, people always come to me and go, "But there's nothing like my niche." And this is where the nuance comes in. You're not looking for something that's the same as what you do. You're looking for the most similar thing. So, I was talking with my friend the other day who does Uber driving content. He was like, "Marcus, there's no other similar content or niches to mine." And it's like, "Okay, they might not be onetoone replicas, but would you agree that say car challenge videos are more similar to your Uber driving content than Pokémon card trading videos?" Well, yeah, probably. It's like, "Okay, cool. Start there." So, it doesn't have to be the same, just more similar when it comes to the format or topic than most other things. So, anyway, back to you, Rocks. Let's go to Chatbt. So, I've told Chad to generate me a list of games that are similar to June Awakening, the game Rocks is making videos on. Games must be or must have been highly popular. Order the list in order of popularity. So, I've got a bunch of games here. Rust, Ark, Conan Exiles, Valheim. I think I butchered that. No Man's Sky, Subnautica Forest, etc. So, what I'm going to do is going to take some of these games I recognize and come to the tool I mentioned earlier, Velio. As mentioned, I'm giving Rocks a free subscription to this, but if you don't have this, you can just use YouTube and do it manually. It just takes a lot longer. I'm going to come to Velo. I'm going to make sure I'm on the research tab here. And then I'm going to grab some of these terms I recognize. So, like Valhallam and what else we've got? I guess Arc would be a game I recognize, pretty somewhat familiar with. Subnautica is also a good one. You can keep entering a bunch of these, but I'm just going to for simplicity sake start with these three now. And then what I'm going to do is come into filters. Click on this button here. I'm going to change it from all time to last 3 years. I'm going to change the views to around 250,000. And then I'm going to go to advanced filters and I'm going to come down here and change the sub to view ratio to about 5x. Then we're going to hit apply. What this is going to do is this is going to show me videos from these other adjacent niches to your June awakening niche. And because of these filters we've applied, it's going to bias our results to show us videos from very small channels. For example, this channel has 2,000 subscribers that got a huge amount of views. For example, 630,000 views. And when we see case studies like this, it tells us, hey, there's something special about this topic or format that had a reach far beyond this YouTube channel's typical reach. You can see this channel usually gets 40,000 views, but this video got 630,000 views. And so, what you're going to do now is scroll through this list and look for interesting video formats that you could take and bring into the June Awakening niche. So, the one we're just looking at here, Valheim has ruined survival games for me. I'm guessing this is a video about why this game is so good and makes it hard for you to play other survival games. So, if you feel the same way about June, make a June video. We can take this idea. Let's go to YouTube and just type in June Awakening has ruined survival games for me. And if I'm scrolling through here, I'm not really seeing that many similar videos. These two, this one here and this one down here are somewhat similar in the style. And we can see they outperform. This video got 8K views from a channel with 4,000 subscribers. So, maybe we could take this exact concept and just transform it into a June video for you. Well, let's scroll down a bit and take another one from a different space. Here's a classic one here. I played 100 days of Subnautica. Has anyone made a video yet that's I played 100 days of June Awakening? If not, this 700K sub channel got 4.4 million views, which is 5.5 times more views than they normally get making a video like this. Here's another interesting take, similar to the one we found earlier. This is why Subnautica will be remembered. Could you do a video? This is why June Awakening will be remembered. There's so many options here. And as you're going through, if you're on value, you can just save them to a folder like this. But hopefully, however you're doing this, you're getting the principle I'm trying to convey. Look to your most similar adjacent niches. Find breakout videos that have drastically overperformed. Ideally, from very small channels, for example, like this Valheim, complete beginner's guide, 4,000 subscribers, 300,000 views. Or this one, 17,000 subscribers, 500,000 views, big out performer. And then remix those ideas. Make sure other people aren't making the exact same videos already in your niche or at least aren't doing them well. Then make them for your niche. They're going to be so much more likely to get views because these formats are already proven to work. So, there's many ways to find video ideas, but the fastest, highest bang forbuck way right now for you is this method I just shared. But what about the remaining two points in our top three list? Packaging and retention. Well, let me tell you a quick story to explain how to go about this. So, when I was younger, I decided to learn guitar. Scratch that. My parents decided I would learn guitar. And the rough process I went through in the guitar learning phase was I learned the basic skills like very basic. How to hold a guitar, how to strum a guitar, how to play basic chords, how to position your fingers correctly. And then after that first phase, I started playing other people's songs. Not well, but some basic AC/DC, the Eagles, Taylor, and only after I learned how to play other people's songs did I start playing around with inventing my own songs from scratch. And rocks, I think you should approach titles, thumbnails, and how you structure your video for retention in a similar way to that. So, right now you're in the process of learning the fundamentals. The next step isn't to try and invent brand new original titles, thumbnails, video structures, cuz chances are they're not going to hit. And that's okay. It's normal. You're still essentially a beginner. For example, one of the most popular videos on the channel you're watching right now, this Mr. Beast, you are wasting your time video. It was very unique and original to my niche. No one had really done anything like it before. But I wasn't a creative genius here. I just noticed certain elements here. You have Mr. Beast positioned relatively center, but a little bit off to the left. His hands are up like he's making a point. And then there's a banner of text across the lower third that says, "You are wasting your time." Now take a look at this breakout video from Mel Robbins. Completely different niche, completely different creator, but head aligned slightly off center. Hands out like she's making some sort of point and banner with text across the lower third of the screen. You are wasting your time. This is exactly how you should be making your titles, thumbnails, and video structures at this moment. Rocks. Important caveat though. Make sure you're modeling things that are very highly successful because the more successful the thing you're modeling is, the higher chance your video is going to do well, too. Especially if that video is from a small creator in a similar position to you when they posted the video. And last but not least, before I send you on your way, Rocks, I want you to take a look at this video on screen right now. The best free editing software for gaming videos. This is the analytics of this video for the first 30 days that it was posted. You can see it got 116 views. So, just broke the 100. I want you to guess, Rox. How many views do you think this video has to date? And you know, let's make this a bit easier. Let me give you an even larger analytic snapshot to look at. Here are the analytics for roughly the first 6 months this video was posted. You can see 426 views. Not terrible, but let me ask you again, Rox. Based on what you're seeing here, how many views do you think this video ended up getting? Well, if I back our analytics all the way out, you can see this video actually got 780,000 views and generated $6,500. And it probably seems like I'm bragging here, but I share this to illustrate to you. Look at the beginning portion of this video. Look how flat and dead it was. Sometimes, even if you're doing everything right, it can take time for the algorithm to figure out who your videos are for and start sending it to those people. It took Mr. Beast 2 years and 300 videos to reach his first thousand subscribers. Took PewDiePie 100 videos to reach 2.5K. Took Ryan Treyan over a year to reach 2,000 subs. These guys are some of the top creators in the world right now. But imagine if they had quit 7 8 9 months in. If you really desperately deep in your soul want to be a full-time creator more than anything else, but nothing seems to be working. You're stuck and sometimes you're just like, "Fuck, I should just give it all up." Think of Mr. Beast, think of PewDiePie, think of Ryan Trey, and use these stories as fuel to keep pushing through, keep grinding it out. But yeah, Rox, me and I think everyone watching this video is rooting for you. And if you want to go into a little bit more depth about those six key things I mention you need to focus on, I'll leave that full video on screen. You click that if you're interested and I'll hopefully see you there.



 I made 1,246 videos to realise what I'll tell you in 19 minutes

I've personally created 1,246 YouTube videos, and I'm not going to lie to you, if it feels like the algorithm is ignoring your channel, it might be because it is. So, today, I want to show you a way to fix this based on what I've learned. And you might want to take notes because we're going to be going way deeper than just find good keywords or copy successful thumbnails. But before we can make the algorithm stop ignoring you, we need to briefly understand how YouTube success works and how it can be exploited. Because it's not all just random luck, as Phoenix 69 would have you believe. I've noticed there's three layers to creating highly successful videos. Not just videos that get you views, but videos that will continue to get you views and help you build a sustainable long-term channel you'll actually enjoy running. So, let me show you how this works. Okay? So, think about this as a ven diagram. Now, the circle we have up here, there are videos you want to make. These are the ideas you have at 2 a.m. when you can't sleep. They're often the pieces of content that got you excited about and made you want to start creating YouTube content in the first place. And this is where most small creators live forever. Problem is, if you just focus on this circle here, you usually don't get many views. And so there's a small percentage of creators who when they notice this, they realize there's actually another side to this equation. And that is videos the algorithm wants you to make. You could also say this is videos the audience wants you to make cuz at the end of the day, the algorithm sort of just follows the audience and gives them what they want. But essentially, these tend to be video ideas that there's a lot of demand for, but there's not very much supply, i.e. there's not a lot of creators making those kinds of videos or there are creators making those kinds of videos but there's room for improvement. If another creator came on the scene and made those kinds of videos but better, viewers would flock to them and the algorithm would love that person. And we'll talk more about what makes for these kinds of videos later, but essentially what happens is a lot of small creators, they go from here just making videos that they want to make to here making videos they think the algorithm wants them to make. Or often maybe they settle somewhere in the middle here. They're trying to find videos they want to make, but also videos that the YouTube algorithm wants them to make. And this is definitely an improvement from just being up here. But there's another aspect down here a lot of people don't consider that you really need to if you want to have a sustainable, highly successful YouTube journey. And that is videos that achieve your goals. What I mean by goals is when you set out to create content, often there is an end goal. And sometimes we find a type of content that works, it gets views, and we enjoy creating it, but it doesn't actually help us achieve our goals, make money, sell a product, whatever it is we're trying to do. And even if you're sitting there like, "Well, Marcus, I don't really care about making money." The thing is, the more money you make from your channel, the more time you're going to be able to afford to dedicate to it. And so that's why the creators who are highly successful over a long period of time, they focus on this intersection here between videos you want to make, videos the algorithm wants you to make, and videos that achieve their goals. If you want to win big on YouTube, you want to enjoy winning big on YouTube, and you also want to be able to continue winning big on YouTube for a long period of time, you need to find this intersection. And so, I want to share a five-step formula I've been working on that will help you find videos that sit right here for your specific niche. Even if you're a complete beginner, don't have much time, and you don't really know what you're doing. And I've actually created a template for this, which I'm going to give you guys completely for free down below. But once you learn it here, you could probably recreate it on your own. It's not that hard. First thing you're going to do, I want you to go into a bubble for a little bit. Forget about everything you've just learned, everything you've heard about YouTube, and just purely think about what are things I'm interested in or very good at that I could create content about. Not necessarily things that you're going to create content about. We're just trying to get a bunch of crazy ideas out right now. So, I'm actually going to fill this out for me with you so you can see an example of how this works, but just to explain interested in or good at a little bit deeper. Let's say you're into fitness. If you look at this, definitely not photoshopped cutout. Clearly, you're very good at fitness, which sort of inherently gives you a license to talk about and create content about it online. Now, on the other hand, if you look like this, which is probably a bit more realistic, you're not going to be able to create thought leader educational fitness content, but that doesn't mean you can't create any type of fitness content. Maybe you could create challenge content, i.e. losing 100 lb in 6 months or putting on 30 lbs of muscle in 3 months. Maybe you can analyze or interview people who are fitness experts. Or maybe you can just create really entertaining content where people aren't really coming to you to learn things. They're coming to you to be entertained. So things I'm interested in or dare I say good at are YouTube growth say digital marketing because I worked at a marketing agency for 4 years. Startups, bushcraft, not getting haircuts, photo I'm not sure, I mean fitness. And once you've just generally brainstormed all of your interests or talents, we're going to start by picking one. So I obviously already have a YouTube growth channel. Let's pick a type of content I've not made before. Let's go with digital marketing. Now that we've picked our overarching niche, we're then going to brainstorm what types of, in this case, digital marketing content could I potentially create. So, I'm just going to insert some rows here. I could create vlogs or day in the life of a marketing agency owner or something like that. I could create tutorials where I teach people about digital marketing like how to run Facebook ads, how to create a landing page, etc. I could create challenge videos. So, these might be like getting 100 sales for random business in 24 hours or something like that. There's so many different types of challenge content you could create. And again, I'm just going to brainstorm every type of digital marketing content I could potentially create. Now, I'm going to speed this up for you a bit so you're not bored to death. But while my editors are magically speeding up this footage while I'm talking to you, I will say it's pretty easy for me to spitball different types of content to create just cuz I've been on YouTube for a long time and psychologically ingested a portion of the internet. But if you're struggling to come up with general ideas for types of content you could create, we'll talk more about how to do that later. Okay, so I've spent a little bit of time spitballing. I definitely haven't got everything here, but here are just some ideas. Vlogs, tutorials, challenges, experiments, breakdowns, reviews, stories, skits, documentaries, podcast, rankings, bunch of different types of content I could create. But you know what's interesting about what we've done so far? Nothing. Most creators do some version of what we've just done already. The problem is right now we're still focusing all of our efforts on just one little corner of the ven diagram up here. So now that we've let our creative juices run free, we're going to narrow down our list with three pivotal binary questions. So the first question is big reveal perpetual meaning could you create one to 200 types of these videos without it getting boring. So let's actually do this vlogs. How many day in the life of a digital marketer or POV, Europe digital marketing agency owner videos could I actually create before it gets boring and repetitive? Probably not one to 200, right? So, the answer to this one is immediately no. So, what this means is even though I could create this type of content, I probably shouldn't put all my eggs into this basket cuz I'm not going to have long-term success with it. So, anytime you answer no to one of these three questions, and I'm going to go over all of them, you're going to eliminate this type of content. So, I'm just going to hide this row from your list of ideas. Let's have a look. Tutorials. Could I create one to 200 digital marketing tutorials? Absolutely. Challenge videos. Yes, I could create a bunch of challenge videos. Experiments. Yeah, so many experiments. I could create breakdowns. Yeah, a lot of breakdowns. I could create reviews. Almost an infinite number of things to reviews. Story time. Believe it or not, I don't have that many broadly interesting stories about my digital marketing career. Could I create a couple hundred videos on this topic? No. And remember, whenever we get a no, we're going to hide this row and narrow down our list even further. Skits. Yeah, I could probably create a couple hundred different skits documentaries. That's a hard one. I think probably no. There's only so many topics that would actually lend themselves to creating like a fullblown documentary about them in digital marketing. So, I'm going to say no to that. Let's hide this. Podcasts. Yep. And rankings. Yes. So, we've already found three topics we want to eliminate. And now, we're going to do the same thing for the next question, which is first or best. Essentially on YouTube, what the audience and the algorithm are looking for are types of content that are fresh, new, the first of their kind, or types of content that are the best of their kind. I.e., if you were the first person to create a Minecraft let's play video, chances are you did pretty well. You create Minecraft let's play videos nowadays, you're going to get about as many views as an average guy's Tinder profile, unless you are objectively noticeably the best. I.e., out of everyone who's ever created a Minecraft let's play video, if anyone watched Markiplier, DanTDM, Pewdiepie's video and compared it to yours, they would be like, "Yeah, yours is just way better than that, then you have a shot." So, we're going to go through these different types of content we've identified and look at, could we be the first or the best at this type of content in our niche? And this probably all seems tedious, but at the end of answering all these questions, we're going to end up with a score that's going to tell us exactly what type of content we need to create to end up in this middle section of the ven diagram for our niche. And yes, it is a bit tedious, but you know what's more tedious? Wasting 6 months of your life posting videos that only your mom watches. So, first or best, let's go through and assign some categories here. Now, if you're very familiar with your niche, you can probably just go through and answer these questions as is. But most of you like me are probably going to need to do a little bit of research to answer this question accurately. And so the way you're going to do this is you're actually going to start doing some research into in this case the digital marketing niche. So we're going to go to YouTube, go to search, type in terms related to your niche. So digital marketing for example and then go investigate all the channels that show up and see are they exhausting these kinds of videos that we've identified and if so could we reasonably create substantially better content than them. So without going through and doing all of that in front of you right now cuz that would take a bit of time. I'm going to say yes to tutorials. I do think there are some tutorial videos I could create that would be better than what's already out there. Next we have challenge videos. I'm going to say yes. I definitely have ideas for challenges that no one has really created yet. So I could be the first there. And so you're just going to go through this list and just methodically answer yes or no to any of these. So I'm going to go yes to reviews, yes to skits. Interesting one. If we come to podcasts here, let me see. Interview podcast. See the problem with this one is podcasts require you to know the person in them usually to be interested. For example, it makes sense. The top podcast in the world for digital marketing in the last year is Dave Ramsey and Alex Hamozi because these are two massive figureheads in the entrepreneur business marketing space coming together. So I would probably actually say that I definitely couldn't be the first podcast cuz there's already a bunch of people doing podcasts. I also don't think I could be the best cuz I don't really have the connections to get the best guests. So I'm going to say no to that. I could probably make some decent content in that space. So let's get rid of podcasts. And now let's move on to our final binary question that is sustainable sized tam. What do I mean by this? Well, so far we've covered making videos you want to make by listing out all the things you want to make. We've covered making videos the algorithm aka audience want you to make, which is being first at something or being the best at something. But now we need to talk about creating videos will actually help you achieve your goals. So what you want to do is go through these types of content in this niche and think about is this sustainable? Could I actually make enough money off this? So, I can see that in the last 30 days in the marketing niche, the average video in this niche gets 1,600 views. Not that much. Now, if you're one of the top videos, so you're in the top 25%, you'd get 6.8,000 views on average. And if you're in the top 10%, so you're right up there with the best, you'd be getting on average 20,000 views per video. And so, once you've got some data on this, obviously you're going to be aiming to be like in the top 25 or top 10% cuz we're going to try and be the first or the best. But you've got to ask yourself, is this amount of views going to be sustainable for me? Now, the first thing we can look at is how many videos would you be able to make per month and how much money would those videos make from AdSense. So, let's say we're in the top 10% of videos in the digital marketing space. So, we're getting about 19,000 views per video. And let's say we post one video per week. So, we will take 19,000 and we'll times that by 4.3 because on average there's 4.3 weeks in a month. So, on average, I can expect to be getting around 80,000 views a month if I'm doing well. Now, how much money would I actually make from that? Well, that's where RPM comes in. RPM is revenue per miller or revenue per thousand. How much money you make per thousand views. And I have a list here of different channels I have access to. I'm going to black out the actual channels themselves just for privacy reasons. But in this RPM and niche column, I'll give this list to you guys for free down below. Go through this and try and find niches that are maybe similar adjacent to the ones that you're creating content in and see how much are they getting paid to get a rough estimate. So, if I'm going through this gaming, cooking, fashion, vlog, business, we can see down here this section, we're starting to get into niches that are slightly more similar to the one we're in. So, there's education, business, make money online, e-commerce, making money with AI. And what we can see is that these RPMs range from roughly like $7 up to maybe like $18. So, let's assume that our RPM is maybe around like $12. So, what I do, pull out our calculator again. We're going to divide this by 1,000 and then multiply it by 12. And so we can see now here if we had a digital marketing channel getting 80,000 views a month, we'd probably be getting around $1,000 per month in ad revenue from that. That's not very sustainable. So what this tells me is that if I'm going to make this channel work, I need to find a way to monetize it outside of just ad revenue. So, I need to ask myself, creating these types of content, are there products or services I can sell around this or sponsors who would want to advertise on my content, even if I'm not getting that many views? Remember, we're aiming for like 19 20,000 views per video that would help me actually achieve my goals. Well, let's go through. So, tutorial-based content, digital marketing, I could definitely create some sort of course or digital product if I was creating tutorial content. So, let's say yes. So even though there's not that many views, if I'm selling a product for a couple hundred bucks or maybe even thousands of dollars, I don't need that many views for it to become substantially profitable. If just 10 or 20 of those 19,000 people buy my product and my product's a couple hundred, all of a sudden I'm doing all right. Challenge, I feel like I could do well as well because through a challenge, I'm hopefully demonstrating my abilities that I'm good at something. Experiments, I'm also kind of demonstrating my ability here that I'm quite good at something. So I could probably sell like consulting or something if I was making experiment videos. Same thing for breakdowns. Now, reviews, that's less thought leadery because anyone can create a review video, but I could probably make money through affiliate links of the thing I'm reviewing. So, let's say yes on that. Skits. Is there any way I can make skits profitable? Not really. That's a hard one cuz I'm not really attracting people who want to learn. I'm just attracting people who want to be entertained. And so, the only way I'm going to make money through that would be sponsors and ad revenue. Getting sponsors, I feel like as a smaller channel, I'm going to be fighting an uphill battle a bit. Also, the ad revenue is not going to be great. like we've talked about. So, I'm just going to say no. I don't think sponsors are very sustainable. And for rankings, I feel like I could probably make that work. So, we're going to go yes. So, all that being said, let's now get rid of this. And now, through doing some research and using our binary questions here, we've narrowed down our types of videos to potentially create to just 1 2 3 4 5 6. And this brings us to the final phase of our analysis. Well done on making it so far. This is long, very in-depth video. And the thing is, most people aren't serious enough to do this level of analysis. So the fact that you're here means you're already ahead of probably 99%. But let's unveil this final process. So ease of creation. So these are questions we're going to ask ourselves that aren't binary. They're not yes or no, but we're going to give each type of content a score out of 10. So tutorial content, how easy is it to make tutorial content? Well, it's it's just sort of sitting down and showing people how to do things I've already done. So I'd say like very easy 9 out of 10. Challenge videos. Well, that's a bit harder because I'd have to actually go out there and do something. I'm going to say like a four. Experiments. That one's a bit easier for me to outsource cuz I could get other people to help me do the experiment, but it still takes time. So maybe like a five or a six. Breakdowns. Similar to experiments, but doesn't actually require me to do anything. It's just sort of me conveying knowledge. Let's say like a seven. Reviews. Again, that one's pretty easy cuz I can just talk about things I've already done. Rankings. I can talk about things I've already done, but I would need to actually put time and effort into testing all the options out there and then ranking them. So maybe a little bit harder. Let's just go like a seven. All right, next question. Defensibility. Essentially, we're going to ask ourselves, how hard would it be for someone else after seeing our videos to just come in and do exactly what we're doing, but better. The more defensible your video ideas are, the harder it is for competition to copy you, the less competitors you're going to have stealing views from you. So, tutorials, not very defensible. There's a lot of people who can create tutorials. So, I'm just going to go like a three. Challenge videos takes a bit more effort and actually takes skill cuz a tutorial you can pretend you know what you're doing. It's a challenge. You actually need to know what you're doing. Let's just say an eight. Experiments. Not as hard. Not very defensible. Slightly more defensible. Now, we've got financial lucriveness. So, all the topics we're left with, we've identified that they are sustainable. This question is how sustainable are they? Cuz some things are going to be more financially lucrative than others. Tutorials fairly easy to make money off tutorials. Challenges, less so. And last but not least, our final question, we have personal interest. At the end of the day, based on all these topics, how interested are you in each of them? So, tutorials, not that exciting to me, but kind of interesting. Challenge videos, I reckon those would be pretty fun to make. So, I could say like an eight or a nine even. Experiments also pretty fun to make. I'd even say like a 10 on the experiments. Breakdowns, maybe like a six or seven. Reviews, let's go another seven. rankings. Rankings really don't excite me that much to be honest. So, I'm just going to go like a four. And now we're finally here after all of our research. What we're going to do is we're going to total the different scores we've gotten so far. And what we can see if we look at score tutorials are at 28, challenge videos are a 28, experiment videos are at 28, breakdowns 23, reviews 26, rankings 23, and we can see three winners that have passed our binary yes no research questions and have the highest score. So, we've got tutorial videos, challenge videos, experiment videos. All three of these videos based on our research fit in the center of our ven diagram. And so, now I could go out there and start creating these kinds of videos. And when you go through this process for your niche, take the types of videos you get with the highest score and run with them for your channel. But before you do that, one thing I want to quickly say. Some people go through this process and they realize as a result of doing the research that actually none of their ideas meet any of this criteria, which is a depressing yet great thing to realize because it means that if you were to go and create these types of videos, you're probably going to be wasting your time. And if that's the case, what you're then going to do is jump to one of the other options you brainstormed earlier and do this research for that option. For example, maybe digital marketing isn't going to work for me, but I could jump into startups. And there's actually going to be some overlap between digital marketing and startups, i.e. getting customers for your startup. So, I could try to go down that rabbit hole instead. I hope that makes sense. Last pitfall I want to address before we wrap up. This process all hinges on you being able to do research and you also being able to identify different types of videos you could make in your niche. If that's something you have problems with, watch the video on screen. I'm going to go into more depth on how to use data and research to actually find types of videos to make that you can then run through this process.



YouTube gurus are f***ing liars…

So, a lot of YouTube gurus have been feeding you the same recycled lies for years. And I used to buy into it, too. I used to obsess over my click-through rate. I used to consistently post the same time every week. I used to cram my face into every YouTube thumbnail I made and a thousand other things. And you know what happened? Nothing. Like an embarrassing amount of nothing. And so, now that I'm fortunate enough to be on the other side, I've realized a lot of the advice these gurus preach is outdated, misleading, or just plain dumb. So, let's go over 10 massive YouTube lies keeping your small channel stuck tighter than stepsis in that washing machine. So, the first big lie. YouTube gurus love screaming about your click-through rate, your average view duration. Increase these metrics, you'll get a ton of views, which all makes perfect sense until you post a video that has a high clickthrough rate and a high average view duration and it doesn't get any views. For example, here's a real small channel with one video that has over a 16.7% click-through rate. Sounds pretty high, right? Well, that video got 67 views. Meanwhile, another video on that exact same channel has a click-through rate of just 8.7% and yet has over 3,000 views. And to make things even more confusing, our 67 view video has an average view duration, so how long people watch the video for, of 2 minutes and 30 seconds, while our 3,000 view video has an average view duration of 1 minute and 39 seconds. In other words, the video with the lower click-through rate and the lower average view duration has 40 times more views. How is this possible when YouTube gurus keep telling you a high clickthrough rate and average view duration is the secret to getting millions of views? Well, let me jump over to my very high-tech studio and show you. So, let's say you post your first video here. Now, YouTube first is going to predict and test this video with a small audience of people. Let's say it's a thousand people who've already subscribed to you or watched some of your videos in the past. And fortunately for you, this new video resonates really well with this initial thousand people. 15% of them click. That's your click-through rate. meaning 15% of a,000 you get 150 views. But this is where things now get a bit complicated because YouTube now promotes your video to a larger audience of let's say 100,000 people. But it's not going to give your video to all 100,000 people initially. It's going to start by testing with a small segment of that audience. Let's say it's like a 100 people. And this is where things go to hell for your new video. See, let's say only 2% of this test 100 viewer segment actually click on your video. So that's two more views for you. But because the response to your video is so terrible, so few people clicked on it. YouTube's like, "Nope." And stops promoting that video entirely. The video dies and so your final stats for this video. Ah, you got 1,100 total impressions. That's how many people the algorithm showed your video to. From those impressions, you got 152 views. And so your click-through rate ends up being about 13.8%. Sounds like a great clickthrough rate on paper, but in reality, you're stuck at 152 views, and the algorithm is ghosting you harder than your last Tinder match. So now let's look at a different scenario, a second video. So same process occurs. Let's say you get your initial test 1,000 viewers, 15% of them click, you get 150 views. But now when you test it with a larger audience, instead of just 2% clicking, like your last failed video, 7% click. And let's say YouTube sees this as a really positive response. It's like, okay, this video is good. It's working. And so gradually it ends up promoting this video to more and more people until it promotes it to all 100,000 people in this new audience. and at a 7% click-through rate. That means this new audience has generated you about an extra 7,000 views. And this process might continue. But right now, our second video here has 101,000 total impressions. The initial test,000 plus the larger, broader 100,000 audience here. From those impressions, you've generated 7,150 views, meaning your clickthrough rate sitting at around 7%. So on paper, your second video looks worse. your click-through rate stat is lower than your first video, but that's just because it was shown to this broader audience. In reality, your second video is more clickable and has gotten 47 times more views. So, in summary, a high click-through rate or average view duration are like your weird uncle's jokes. They're hard to get, and when you do get them, they're not nearly as good as you thought they'd be. Yes, it's true that you want people to click on and watch your video at a high rate. That is what the algorithm rewards. But your click-through rate analytics in your dashboard or your average view duration analytics don't necessarily tell that full story. And so now you're probably thinking, "Okay, nerd, tell me what the full story is." And my answer would be, "Look, if you're a small creator, you're feeling overwhelmed with all of this. Just keep it simple. Just focus on views. If you're getting people to click on and watch your videos at a high enough rate, you're going to get more views. Use how many views you get as your ultimate analytic or metric to track your success." But that's been just one of the big YouTube lies gurus would have you believe. You just wait till we make a Big Mac out of this next sacred cow. Post at the same time every week and the algorithm will reward you. This guru really needs speech pathology. Look, this is one of the most persistent myths in the YouTube education space and it it drives me crazy. Now, sure, having a rough posting schedule can be helpful. If you disappear for weeks or months on end, your viewers will forget about you faster than they forgot about Plus. But there's a massive difference between generally posting regularly and this obsession with posting consistently at the exact same time on the exact same day every week and claiming that the algorithm is going to give you a boost if you do that. The algorithm is not sitting there with a calendar on its wall being like, "Oh, look, Marcus posted another video on Thursday at exactly 3 p.m. again. Let's give him more views." No, the algorithm has better things to do, like figuring out why the hell 2.6 million people watch this video about paint drying. And look, if you're a lazy bastard, you're late and you need deadlines to force yourself to work, then okay, a precise posting schedule might be good. But if you're not a lazy bastard and your OCD schedule is causing you stress and making your videos worse, just just post a video tomorrow. There are countless examples of successful channels that overall in general are frequent and consistent, but don't conform to a rigid exact schedule and they're doing just fine. The algorithm is not punishing them. Anyway, posting at the right time is far less important than getting people to click. Again, I'm not talking about your click-through rate stat analytic here. We're just talking in general having high clickability of your video. And speaking of getting people to click, let's talk about your thumbnails. Include your face in thumbnails cuz humans are programmed to recognize faces. I hear this one all the time. And while it's true that there is some research that shows humans have specialized regions in our brains for facial recognition, that doesn't mean people want to see yours. The jokes aside, there are countless videos that perform incredibly well and don't have a face in them. I would even argue that those videos would have performed worse if they had had a face in them. For example, I've run multiple split tests on my channel and found that on most of my videos, you guys prefer not seeing my face in the thumbnail. So, you too. Now, obviously, I'm not saying you should never put your face in a thumbnail. What I'm saying is you should only put your face in a thumbnail if it makes your thumbnail better, if it makes it more clickable. One example would be if you're trying to convey a certain emotion. Faces can be really good tools for expressing and conveying emotion. Or maybe you want to use the face of a famous person you cover in a video or authority hacking as the strategy goes. But at the end of the day, don't clutter up a perfectly good thumbnail by squishing your face into it and just making the whole thing worse just because some guru pared that it's a best practice. And speaking of thumbnails, another guru lie I hear all the time is your thumbnails need to include branding, logos, your watermarks, your name, your series title. Make sure people know it's your channel, they scream. It's like, okay, but have you ever noticed that your channel name and profile picture show up next to your video almost no matter where you find it on YouTube? Look at the homepage, channel name and profile picture right there. Search page, channel name, profile picture right there. Forcing names, logos, series, watermarks, titles into your thumbnail often just makes them more cluttered and less eye-catching, meaning you get less clicks, which is bad. And sure, using some consistent elements across all your thumbnails isn't a bad thing. Maybe a similar layout, similar color scheme, similar font, etc., etc. Do build a bit of recognition over time and don't hurt. But like with the last point, your primary goal is to get people to click on your damn video. Your branding comes second. And that brings me to another point where I feel like a lot of the gurus have got their priorities completely mixed up. A lot of gurus love to interview big creators or analyze big creators, tease out their strategies, and then tell you, a small channel, to do what the big creators are doing if you want to grow. Here's the problem. While those things might be useful to big creators, maybe they're not realistic or impactful enough for smaller creators to spend their time on those things. Imagine you're working a full-time job then trying to do YouTube on the site. Maybe you can spend 10, 20 hours a week on YouTube, and then you see some guru teach you how to write viral scripts, and now you're spending 16 hours a week obsessing over your script, trying to hit all 16 points on Joseph Campbell's hero's journey. Look, I'm not saying those things don't work, but the reality is those big creators have much more time and resources than you do. They can afford to fine-tune and perfect all the little details. But often you as a small creator with other things going on in your life can't. As a wise sloth once said, "Don't ask successful people what they do now. Ask them what they did when they were in your shoes to get to where they are now." That's why some of my favorite strategies revolve around studying smaller creators who were in your position not long ago and figuring out what they did to blow up. And if you think that's a noble concept, just wait until you hear about YouTube gurus and their SEO fetishes. Statistically, the majority of YouTube channels nowadays get most of their views through the algorithm recommending their content to viewers, not viewers searching for their content in the search bar. Now, sure, some channels do get a significant amount of their traffic from search, predominantly education channels or how-to channels answering specific questions like, "How do you get views?" or "How to fix a broken washing machine." And so, the trick here is not to SEO optimize the hell out of every single video you post. It's to think about how is it most people are likely to discover this video. Is it something people are going to be searching for or is it something that would be recommended on their homepage? And if you have some data, have a look at your traffic source analytics. See where people are finding your video. And if the majority of people are not going to be finding your video through search, don't throw away time doing keyword research or waste valuable title real estate, stuffing keywords into your title that really aren't doing anything. They don't need to be there. If anything, those keywords are probably diluting the impact of your title, making it less clickable, meaning you're going to get less views. And that reminds me, segue genius right here, of one of the most trendy YouTube guru lies that is affecting a huge amount of channels. In fact, it's the favorite advice of gurus right now, and that is just be yourself. Just be authentic, which sounds all well and good until you realize that the authentic you is about as engaging as taxes and wants to lie in bed all day. Jokes aside, though, here's the problem with the authenticity advice. It often gets misinterpreted and people assume that simply being authentic is enough to capture and hold a viewer's attention. But authenticity is an ingredient, not a recipe. It's like, yes, the flour is important, but people don't want to eat a bowl of flour. On top of authenticity, there needs to be something that's objectively interesting about your X factors, your video ideas, what value you're providing to your viewers. Being authentic means being genuine in how you present your ideas, not that your ideas magically become inherently interesting just because you authentically express them. And speaking of bad ideas, this next YouTube guru trope is a terrible one. See, small YouTubers desperately want quick wins. And gurus know this. That's why they constantly promise algorithm hacks or secret exploits. Not going to lie, even I use the whole algorithm hack or like get heaps of views trope when creating tiles or thumbnails for you guys cuz I know you're going to click on it. But in my defense, once you actually click on the video, I try to give you content that is what you need to hear, not want to hear. No, but the actual problem comes about when YouTube gurus start creating content about these so-called hacks or exploits, claiming you just upload at a certain time or flick a setting on and bam, you go viral. Here's the thing, though. YouTube employs some of the smartest algorithm engineers and developers in the world. You think they're going to let some random guru outsmart their billiondoll algorithm with some trick he learned from cool guy 69. And look, it's true that occasionally YouTube does push certain things. There are certain imbalances, but from a strategic point of view, YouTube usually fixes these things pretty quickly. And if that thing was the sole driver of your growth, you're going to go back to pretty much where you were when you started. So, long story short, you're better off trying to work with YouTube and grow the way YouTube wants you to because when you do succeed, it's going to be far more sustainable. Unlike the next lie I want to talk about that has literally single-handedly killed many channels, particularly in the gaming niche. Have you ever seen a massive gaming channel that's just dead because the game they made videos about died? or maybe a tech channel because the specific products they decide to specialize in sort of fell out of favor. Something gurus harp on is picking a niche. And if you're aware or in an evergreen niche, it's not bad advice. But some of you guys are in less evergreen niches. And you need to be very careful putting all of your eggs into one basket. Because if that shitty tame you basket breaks, your channel breaks and dies along with it. Think of the gaming channel that specialized in just one game and then through no fault of their own, that game died and well, their channel died as well. You always want to have an awareness of yes, niche down, create a consistent type of content, but if you're not in an evergreen space, have an awareness of or start building your strategy towards what you're going to do if that niche starts to tank. Now, this next line might be one of the biggest of all, and it's propagated by a gazillion make money online YouTube automation gurus. Create videos once and earn money forever while you sleep, they say. Sounds nice and I would love it if it worked that way, but unfortunately, most videos have a lifespan. You've probably seen this in your own videos. They grow, they grow, they grow, then they flatten out. And it's not just smaller videos. Most big videos usually top out at some point, too. I'll be showing some examples on screen. Thanks, editors. Obviously, I think YouTube can be an amazing business. But like almost every other real business, it's about as passive as a caffeinated toddler. The platform is constantly changing. Viewers expectations evolve, new competitors arrive on the scene, and unless you're extremely good at finding the right people to hire to help manage these things for you, don't expect to be able to just put out videos, sit back, and make money passively forever. People who say you can do that are usually just about to pitch you their online course. Speaking of imaginary concepts, another piece of YouTube guru advice I really struggle with is essentially create a detailed avatar of your ideal viewer persona and then just make videos for them. It's it's easy. For those who don't know, a viewer avatar in this context is essentially a fictional representation of your perfect ideal viewer. Gurus will tell you to give this imaginary person a name, an age, a job, a problem, a blood type, a social security number, and then tell you all you have to do to make viral videos is just think about what this person, your avatar, would want to watch. Which sounds logical, assuming you're able to perfectly predict what your viewer avatar would want to watch, which in my experience, most creators, myself included, are not very good at. I can hardly predict what I want to watch a week from now. So, instead of guessing at what videos your imaginary best friend wants to watch, maybe like do actual research. Look at what's actually working in your niche. Analyze successful videos and channels that are blowing up in your niche right now. Your target viewers tell you exactly what they want to watch through their behavior. You just need to pay attention and spot the patterns. So, right now, you're probably and reasonably thinking, "Okay, Marcus, it's all well and good for you to sit up here and criticize other people. How do you get views then?" I definitely don't consider myself to be a YouTube guru. But, I've been lucky enough to have a couple of things work for me. And on this channel, specifically in the video on screen, I show you what worked for me, so hopefully it can work for you, too. So check it out. Oh, and quick note to whoever's face I slapped in this thumbnail, this video isn't about you. You're just there because you're more famous than I am and people know who you are. So take as a compliment.


YouTube CEO Announces Big Changes for Small Channels…


YouTube just announced major algorithm and product updates for small channels. In fact, they've been releasing weekly updates for a while now, but no one seems to know about them because their announcement videos average 20,000 views. So, today I've compiled the major YouTube updates from this year. You need to know if you want to get more views than a Jenny Minecraft video. Humanity is doomed. Anyway, a few months ago, YouTube CEO announced that TV watch time has overtaken mobile watch time on YouTube. Essentially, this means viewers are watching YouTube on TV more than on their phones or computers. And when viewers habits change, the algorithm changes to give viewers what they want. And YouTube had three recommendations to help you cope with this change. First, shoot in 4K so they don't look terrible when your video shows up on some rich kid's personal 82-in smart TV. Second, be bingeable. Aka, YouTube almost explicitly said, "Experiment with making longer videos if you can. This is because viewers on TV don't want to be constantly selecting new videos to watch every 2 3 minutes. It seems like they'd rather just put on one longer video and watch it in its entirety." And lastly, make sure your channel has good featured sections, which you can build out by going to your YouTube channel, then customize, and then go down to this section here. Because when your TV viewers click to your channel, this is how they'll find more videos from you. Next, we have 3minut shorts. Now, this update was made last year, but YouTube have put more work into integrating 3minut shorts with just regular shorts, and so far it seems they've done a terrible job of it. I don't know about you, but I never see 3minut shorts in my shorts feed. And in a chat I had with Noel Island who's one of the top YouTube short strategists in the world in my opinion. To me it feels like two very different algorithms where a video that's call it 65 seconds so a minute and 5 seconds is drastically underperforming even a re-edit of that same concept at 59 seconds. Optimize for maximum retention and maximum watch time but ultimately do that within the bounds of 60 seconds or less. Otherwise, the algorithm won't pick up the content effectively enough. Next, we have YouTube monetization updates. Specifically, YouTube are cracking down on mass- prodduced content. I assume this is to combat AI slop and farm channels. So, if you've been considering quitting your 9 to5 with YouTube AI shorts automation, then you you might want to I'll leave links below that go into more depth on what exactly has changed. Next up, we have autodubbing. Essentially, YouTube will take your voice and automatically translate it into up to 18 different languages, which according to YouTube CEO can increase your reach by up to 40%. You heard that correctly. For some channels, turning this on could literally get you 40% more views. More and more channels are getting access to this every day. So, you should go to your YouTube studio, go down to settings, go to channel, then go to advanced settings, and if you see autodubbing in there, make sure you turn it on. Now, for some community tab updates, posts can now be seen in the shorts feed. And we have an update that introduces communities. Essentially, a community is like a subreddit for your viewers, but directly on your channel. Sounds great, right? Well, actually, the concept would be great if it was executed on, right? But I noticed something troubling when I created a community. Here you can see the analytics of my community posts, and here you can see the analytics 2 months after. I went from averaging around 400,000 impressions to now under 300,000. And I've heard of other channels having the same issues. For example, in a video released on their channel, Vid IQ saw a 70% drop in the impressions their posts got when they turned on their community. Now, I'm guessing YouTube will be fixing this, but in the meantime, just based on what I'm seeing, stay away from enabling this feature. Next, we have some improvements to a feature YouTube released that allows you to take a copyrighted song from within your video and replace it with a non-copyrighted song even after you've posted it, and YouTube will even give you AI suggestions as to which song you should replace it with. However, one thing you should be careful of, this feature is a bit hit or miss in my opinion, but when it works, it's great. Another YouTube editor thing to be aware of though, a technique I and many other creators use, is after you upload your video, have a look at your retention graph, see where the drop offs are, and then see if you can use the YouTube editor to cut out those segments, i.e. removing points of your video that are causing people to drop off. And if you ever made a mistake and change your mind, you could easily revert the video back to how it was originally. Not anymore. YouTube are removing the revert to original feature for some reason. So, be very, very careful using the YouTube editor from this moment on because any edits are final. YouTube are rolling out the ability to respond to comments with a voice reply. I love this one. You can connect with your community more and also tell your haters to off more emphatically. But I'll tell you what, you fat little Next, YouTube have updated some of their analytics. If you go into analytics, then go see more to access advanced analytics. You'll notice it looks different and you can more easily access YouTube's pre-generated analytic reports on your channel. On top of that, if you go to the advanced retention graph report of a video right now or very soon, depending on how much the YouTube gods love you, you will be able to click on a drop down and filter your retention graph by loyal viewers, casual viewers, or viewers who've never watched your channel before. Because now you can just look at how people who've never seen you before respond to your video, how long they watch for, when they stop watching, which will help you learn to create videos that appeal to a wider audience, not just your existing fans. Next up, YouTube are jumping on the AI hype train by introducing more AI content creation tools and upgrades. Google's mind-blowing VO3 model is coming to shorts, allowing you to generate often hyperrealistic AI videos, and soon even the sounds for those videos, too. For example, take a look at this clip. Everything is 100% AI generated, including the sounds. And make sure to like and subscribe to see my progress. Okay, now that you've made three different temperatures of porridge, go on a walk and hope no one comes into your home. And YouTube have also created dream screen and dream track content features for shorts. Dream Screen essentially allows you to generate an AI background for your short. Think of it as like an AI green screen, but you can decide whatever color or scene you want the green screen to be. And dream track that allows you to generate music from text prompts. I personally don't know a single creator who is excited for or intends on using any of these features, but YouTube obviously thinks they're going to be big and who knows, maybe they'll prove me wrong. Next, YouTube are trying to help you find your next viral video idea. Using the inspiration tab, you go to studio, go to content, and the first tab you will see now is inspiration. On top of that, if you're in your studio and you hover over a video, you will now often see a brainstorm video ideas option that will suggest terrible video ideas to you. Yes, they really are that bad. Next, live stream. We have some updates coming for some of you that might already be here. I think the most important ones will be one, leaderboards. Essentially adds your viewers to a leaderboard and rewards viewers to interact with you more. Gamifies and encourages your viewers interacting with you in live streams. I'm a big fan. And we also have the ability for you to now set super chat goals. So now instead of people just randomly donating money to you, you can specifically set a goal and viewers contribute towards that, which should encourage more donations from your viewers. Next, some brand new and original YouTube shorts updates where you can now add quiz stickers and Q&A stickers that viewers can interact with to your shorts. Definitely something we've never seen before. But more importantly, the way YouTube tracks views on shorts is changing. YouTube used to require some minimum level of watch time from a viewer in order for a view to be registered on that short. How much watch time, you ask? I have no idea. Neither does anyone else. For some reason, YouTube didn't tell us. But now, it's been changed. So, a view will be counted the millisecond a short starts playing or replaying, regardless of how long it's watched. And what this essentially means for you is if you saw your or your competitor's shorts all of a sudden getting more views and thought, "Wow, YouTube shorts are getting way more views all of a sudden." No, they're actually not. They're getting the same amount of views. YouTube just changed how the view is calculated. Those were the most important YouTube updates for creators this year in my opinion. But if you want to learn how to actually get more views on your videos, now is a great time for you to click the video on screen where I'll walk you through one of my favorite strategies for finding viral video ideas in 2025 and beyond. Even if you're a small child, I'll see you










































