TECH KEVIN FERRAMENTAS FREE



How To Use Unlimited GPT-5 & Sonnet 4.5 For Free in 2025..

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zw1RjZxWBO4

In this video, I'm going to show you guys how to use unlimited cloud code and GBT with the latest models. This video is for anybody. You don't need to have any technical experience. I'm going to show you guys how to do everything so you can unlimited do vibe code start to finish on my last video, how to get free cursor, free trials unlimited. You guys watched that video up to like 90k and enjoyed it. And I saw a lot of questions and so I made this video to update you guys. And if that sounds good, I want you guys to leave a like, subscribe, and turn post notifications on. I'm going to show you guys how to use Claude Code and GPT completely for free and you don't need any technical knowledge. Anybody can use this tutorial. You can be on a Windows or you can be on a Mac. It doesn't really matter. And you can use unlimited API calls for both to do all of your VIP coding. If you guys have any questions, just comment down below. I'm going to include all the links down below as well. First off, you're going to go to your internet browser, type in Google.com. You're going to type in a atlode dev. Try then click enter. Scroll down. You should see this link. Bravo dev aentic AI for software teams. This is is a tool that's going to show allow you to use unlimited GPT5 cla code 4.5 or any of the latest models that you're currently watching right now in the current time. To show you guys that I've currently used up my Ravo dev, you can see here in this email, the Ravo dev is just pretty much used up. and we're going to click on try. Now, next up, we're going to be presented with this screen. Type in any email you want. You can type in any email you want, but make sure it's a valid email because you're going to need the confirmation code. One thing you can do is if you have a gmail.com email, you can just start putting dots in between and it creates multiple emails for you. Okay, so I put in my email and then I'm going to click on sign up. And then after you input your email, your screen, open up your email, take the code, and then you're just going to input it. When you're here, you can put anything for the name and for the password. You can also put anything for the password. Next, you'll be presented with this screen. You can just pick something random for this and then click on agree and start. Now, it's going to say we're building your site. Just wait for this to finish loading. Once you're in, it's going to show this tutorial thing. Just click X. Next, you're going to scroll down. You see when it says Bravo Dev CLI. Click this. From here, you're going to open up your terminal. If you have Mac, you click on the Mac. If you have Windows, you click on Windows. If you have Linux Linux, you click on Linux. Since I'm using a Mac right now, I'll click on Mac. Next, you'll be presented with this screen. The easiest thing to do is install it via Homebrew. And all you got to do is click this first link, open up a brand new terminal. You can see I have a brand new terminal here. Paste it in, press enter, and then wait. You can see it's doing its thing. Okay, so there's no error codes, and it ran. Next, copy the second link. Go back to your terminal, copy and paste. Press enter. Don't touch anything. Just let it run. And then you can see here it shows a warning, but that's okay because I already have it installed and it's already up to date. Make sure you confirm that you just copy a CLI space- version. Go back to your terminal. Ctrl +V. And you can see here I have ACLI version 1.3.4. For yours, whatever it is in your current time, it's going to show. You can see here that I've successfully installed Ravo. Now, let's go back to the account screen. What you're going to want to do next is click on this link. Don't worry if you guys forget these links or missing these links. I'll include it all in the description below. I click the link. It's trying to generate an API key right now. So, I'm going back to my email and it's it's just like logging in, confirming that your account is yours. You can see here I got the code. Your code is just in your email. You go back here and then after you log into the API section of the ATL Asian account for Bravo dev. You click on create API token. Name doesn't matter. Name anything you want. Name it Kevin. Expire. You're going to be using up for the 20 million free trial credit. It takes me about 6 hours to use it. And you can just create this. It only takes really a few minutes to create this, right? So, just set it up a random date and then click on create. Wait. Save this windows. It's okay if you accidentally close it. Now, you're going to want to open up brand new terminal again. And then you're going to type in a CLI space off space login. Okay, but I'm logged in right now. So I'm going to log out first. So you can see log out was successful. I'm going to log in with a brand new account. So you're going to type in a space ravo space off space login. If you're doing multiple times, if you used up your trial, make sure you log out. Okay, so make sure like I just showed you guys before how to log out now. So there's no ravo dev right now on my account logged in. So I'm going to click login in. It's going to ask for your email. Your email is just the one that you signed up with before. I input my email. Press enter. Next, it's going to ask for your API token. It's the one that we just generated. You're going to click on copy. If you click this, you can unhide it and you can hide it again. But I click copy and then paste it. Then press enter and wait. And you can see here authentification is successful because right now you're pretty much done setting up Revo Dev and I'm going to show you guys how to use it. Next up, so you can see here that I've opened up a random project right now. Once you're in your directory that you want to do vibe coding for, all you have to do is click ai space robv space run. Press enter and wait. Ignore the warnings. It's okay. But you can see here it's working in the directory and it's using models. So you can see I'm using the latest model of GPT5. Maybe if you're watching in future, it's GPT whatever it is in the future or Sonnet or Cloud Code. I'm going to show you guys how to switch models. So you can see here it's using model GPT5. You're going to click on slash. You'll be presented with a bunch of different prompts and screens. Right now, you can clear your current session. You can copy the last section. You have directories. You have feedback. You have help. But what we're going for is models. So, you scroll down, click models to models, click enter. And from here, if you're just signing in for the first time, you'll be um on the auto model. So, it's going to pretty much just go to claw, the latest one. But I had it. I was using GPT5. So, but you can switch it to any model here. So, you can see here these are the models available. I can use unlimited GPT5. I can use unlimited Cloud Sonic 4.5 or any of the latest models that you're on that are available. Let's switch to Cloud. And you can see I'm currently using Cloud right now. Just another one I want to show you guys. So you kick slash and you go up and just a YOLO mode. This pretty much just if you toggle it on, it pretty much just skips all confirmations and lets it run until the task is complete instead of keep asking you for confirmations. So we we want to see that it's working right now. Now we can type in any command. We just say suggest improvements for my codebase. And then you can see here it's working. And it's working right now. Wow. And it's pretty amazing, right? And it's vibe coding. And this is pretty much how you use unlimited cloud code, unlimited GPT 5 or any of the latest models. This is pretty much the best way out there to buy post completely for free. And I hope you enjoyed the video. If you guys have any questions, just comment it down below. and I'll be happy to answer you guys. This has been working for pretty much months and months and this is pretty much even better than cursor cursor VIP. And you can see here that this that's it for the video. I hope you guys enjoyed. Please leave a like, subscribe, turn post notifications on, and let me know what other videos you guys want me to make next, and we



How To Get Unlimited Claude Code Free.. (Better Then Cursor Trial)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ5HWtIdXO0

In this video, I'm going to show you how to use unlimited vibe code with cursor and claude code. So, you're going to be able to use the unlimited for free with the latest models. By the end of this video, I'm going to show you how to set everything up with no technical knowledge and no credit card. I'm also going to show you how to create a website from start to finish. I've created hundreds of websites and I'm going to show you the best way how. You're going to want to watch all the way to the end. Leave a like, subscribe, and turn post notifications on if you haven't yet. Anybody can use this video. I'm going to try to make this the most useful video on YouTube for vibe coding. You don't need a credit card. You don't need technical experience and the best way I know how from just trial and error and just from expertise of just learning along the way. I know you guys enjoy my previous videos about vibe coding. So, I want to created a follow-up video for you guys to continue on in the Vibe Code journey. Any links that I mention in here, put all of the links in the description down below for your reference as well. First off, go to google.com, type in ravoev. So, ro o v o v e v. Once you're here, you're going to click on the first link. You don't need a credit card. Everything in this video is completely for free. So you're here. You're going to click on try it. Now it says work email, but you can enter any email you want. For me, I like to use Gmail. So for example, this is one email, right? After the trial is up and you want to do another one, you just do a dot. So this is a new email. And then you want to do another email dot. So this is just kind of like a email people do to get unlimited Gmails. So we're going to sign up for a account right now. You can see here the green and then I'm going to click sign up. You'll be presented with this screen. Next up, you're going to go to your email and then get the code that they just sent you. So, I'm going to go to my email and get the code. So, when you're in your email, you'll see a code like this. And you can see here that I have the code. All you got to do is take that code, right click, copy, go back to that window, paste that code in. And then after that, you'll see it's email address verified. And then for here, you just enter any name. And then for the password, you enter literally any password. Press continue. Next up, you're presented with the screen. For your site name, you have to enter anything. Just pick something random that's available. And then when you see it is green on and then I put agree and start now. You'll get presented with this window. Once it is successfully loaded, you'll get presented with this like tutorial thing. Just click X. You don't really need it. And then when you're here, you're going to click on Bravo Dev CLI. Next up, we're going to install Ravo Dev CLI. If you have a Mac, click on Mac. If you have a Windows, click on Windows. If you have a Linux, click on Linux. Right now, we're using a Mac, so we're going to click on Mac. You can see here that it opened a new window. Next up, you're going to open up your terminal. Take this first link. Copy. Go to your terminal, paste it in, press enter, and you can see here that it's successfully installed. I already had it installed, so it's just turned to updating, but for you, it will show something similar. Next up, you're going to click the second link right here, brew install ACL. Go back to that same terminal. Ctrl +V, copy and paste it in, press enter. From there, there you go. Once you see it pop back to this empty spot, then you'll know it's successfully installed. If you make sure you check for this third one, this is a command that check the version you have. copy acl space- version. Go back to your terminal, press enter, and it should say some type of version, but for you, it'll be whatever version in the current time you're watching in. So, it's continually updating. Now, we can go back to our web browser. We can close this window. Next, we're going to generate an API token. Click that link. You can see here that another verification code has been sent to your email. So, go back to the email that you originally used earlier. You take that code from the email, you go back to that page, and then you press Ctrl +V and paste it in. Next, you'll be presented with this window. Click on create API token. For the name, name it anything you want. For the date, choose any date you want. Typically, I see it last about you'll be able to vibe code for about 6 hours and then you'll just create a new one and you then you'll get another 20 million credits again. And you just keep doing it and it's pretty much just unlimited vibe coding. So, we pick a date in the future. We picked any name you want. We press create and then you can see here that successfully generated. In the terminal, you're going to type in a CLI space off space logout. and you'll see log out successful. This is the step that you would do if you've pre previously used the trial again and you want to use another new trial. All you have to do is log out. So you can see I'm logged out successfully of my old trial. Next you're going to type in a CLI base robace off base log in. You'll see the email. This is the email that you used previously. So I'm going to input my email. Then when here you press enter and then it's going to say enter your API token. So this is just go back to your window. This is just the one that we created. Click on copy and you can see API token copy to clipboard. Go back to your terminal, paste it in, press enter, and once you see the authentification successful, this means that everything is completely set up for you to vibe code unlimitedly. If you redo this process over again, you'll be you'll have a brand new account, fresh tokens again. This was the part of how to set up ravo dev and how to get all the features of claude code and cursor completely for free. Next up, I'm going to show you how to create a website from start to finish. So, we go back here. If you want to save this as well, this is just pretty much how to log in. And this is just pretty much how to run it. So you pretty much once you open up in any folder you you type in this command right here and then you press enter and when you type it in and press enter it opens up the CLI which I will show you next. Let's create the website. So go open up your terminal type in cd and then type in the brand new directory that you want to show. So to create a brand new directory what I'm going to do is this. I opened up a brand new folder. Right click new folder. We'll name this directory tech Kevin website. And you can see that in the in the terminal I typed in cd. I'm literally just going to drag and drop. You can do this on Windows as well. Next, on your terminal, you'll see that we're currently in the directory of tech Kevin website. This literally is just an empty folder right now, right? We're going to type in a space ACL space run. When this pops up, just click allow. And then you can see that once we're in here, we can see that everything successfully set up and we have access to all of the latest models. This slash icon and then you'll be presented with a bunch of different options. Click the dash and then you're going to go down to yolo. You're going to go down to yolo. Press enter. And once you can see yolo is engaged. What this does is it pretty much skips on all the confirmations and just vibe codes all the way to the end. If you click here, you can also clear the window. And then you can also go down. There's different options as well. You can clear, you can copy, you can go to different directories, manage it, you can go feedback, help, IDE, MCP servers if you have that. You can also do memory. And if you go down to models, you can change the models. So, they currently have GPT 5, which is the latest GBT. They have the latest Sonnet as well, 4.5. Okay, since we're in the directory, I'll show you guys how to create a brand new website now. And so, since we have everything set up right now, the prompt I'm going to type in is create me a React website. I added a image folder with a template screenshot. It's not going to come be perfect, but it's going to be something pretty nice. I want you to create me a website exactly similar to the UX of that. Press enter. See that right now it's successfully vibe coding. I I'm using GPT5. And then we're going to create the React website right now. And make sure you type in that prompt exactly like kind of how it is. Say create me a React website. So because if you say create a website just in general, it might just do basic different text stack, you know, but using the react I'm telling it to create me a React website and we just wait for it to do its magic. And you can pretty much just do this unlimitedly. You can create any sort of website. You can create any sort of app, any sort of software. It can do you can ask it questions. You can use it kind of like Cloud Pro or Chat TBT Pro and just ask it questions. Okay guys, so it looks like it finished. When it's done, you'll see something like this towards the end. It says your React website. So, you can see here that we just created a sample website. And then we're just going to go here. We're going to copy and paste that localhost col 3000. And it's it's pretty quick, right? And we're going to go back to our web browser. We're going to paste it in localhost colon thing um 3000. Wow. And this is that we just created right now. So this is just literally one prompt, a single prompt that we that we pasted it in and we literally created this entire just one page right now, but we can create more pages. This is just one prompt as well. So I'm actually pretty amazed by this. And you can see here literally from one prompt this was the result. You can see here this is a local this is not a live website. We but we can host it live later. That's it for the video. I hope you guys enjoyed. Let me know what you think. Please like, subscribe, turn post notifications on. I'll see you guys again in the next video. Peace out.


How To Make Unlimited Sora 2 Videos Free.. (Better Than Veo 3)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvw5oNU31cA

So, you guys liked my last video about how to use Claude Code for free. And in this video, I'm going to show you guys how to create unlimited Sora videos for free. No credit card, no technical knowledge, no invite code needed. Anybody can use this video. So, I'm going to make it as beginner friendly as possible and as useful as possible. If that sounds good, I want you guys to leave a like, subscribe, and turn post notifications on if you haven't yet, and we'll get started with the video right now. So, in this video, I'm going to show you guys how to generate unlimited videos with Sor 2. No technical knowledge, no credit card. Anybody can use this video. This video is going to be useful for everybody that just wants to make videos. And you can share this video to anybody that friends, family, or loved ones out there that that might not be as technically savvy, but want to use Sora to make unlimited videos for free. And this is pretty much going to be help guide to them. Let's get started. So, you can see here that I'm on chatgbt.com. So, this is the first thing you're going to need. You're going to need a chatgbt account. Click on sign up for free. You can use Google, Microsoft, Apple or your phone number to create the account or just plain email. But since we have an account, we're just going to click on login and we're going to sign in with our account. I'm logging in of Gmail, but you can use any other service that you want. And you can see here that I'm logged in chatgpt.com. And you can see here that this is a completely free account on the bottom left. Okay. So, I opened up my iPhone. Open up Google on your iPhone. Go in the search browser. You're going to type in Sora 2. Next up, scroll down. Scroll until you see the link of Sora 2 from Open I AI. You're going to click that white link that says download in App Store and then you're going to open. You'll be presented with this screen and you're going to just download or optional you can just go to iOS app store type in Sora 2 and it'll be it should be the first link. You're going to click it and then you'll be presented here and you'll download from here. You just confirm the download. Sor 2 is an app on right now it's not available on Android but it's so it's only available on iPhone. So you need the iPhone for this app or iPad. Once it's download opened, you're will be presented with this screen. You can use a chat GBT account or if you have an Apple, Google or email, you can sign up as well. But since we have the chatbt account free from earlier, we just use chat GBT to log in. And you can see here it's asking for my ChattBT email and password. I'm just going to log in with that. So I logged in with my password and then you'll get a verification code logging in with your chat GBT account to sora.com. Sora is pretty much like a separate service, but it's made by OpenAI as well. and you're just going to log in with your ChatDBt account. Once logged in, you'll be presented with this screen. You'll see create username. You can create any username you want. It doesn't matter if the username exists. You just enter something else. I'm entering something random. And then I confirm. Next is just a profile name. This is something anything random as well. Maybe we'll enter Kevin for this one. You'll see this one. Skip it. It's just like an intro thing. And you'll see like different like permissions. You'll see this content advisory. You'll see more permissions and notifications. Just press allow. Okay. Here's how to generate Sora 2 unlimited videos. Now, I'm I'm going to show you. And here's the invite code if you guys need like and save this video and subscribe if you haven't yet. Click on that bottom plus and then you'll be presented with create a video. Next up, we're going to create a an example video on Sora. And you can use you can generate any type of description here. Any sort of prompt here. And I'll I'll put the prompt that I use in the description as well. I'm gonna I'll generate something anime maybe something anime related just to show you guys the power of Sora and you if you hit a limit of this account just create another account and you'll have more ability to create more videos for free. Okay, so I put in this prop in the style of a Japanese anime. A scene as scene description, beautiful film caliber, sak animation, close-up shots, or anything. Best composition, fluid handdrawn motion. So that's just a a prompt for an anime that we're going to create. Make me uh Shibainu, let's say. And then after you have your prompt in, you just confirm and then be presented back to the screen. And you can see the loading icon. Wait. You just have to wait. Wait for your video to finish. And you can see here that once the video is done, the loading icon's gone. And you can see here that in the draft, here's your video that here's the video that we made. And we can edit the description to change it as well. And you can to download you just literally right click the video and you can you're able to download. I'll show you guys that the video that we generated right now. And here is the video that we generated. [Music] Pretty cool, right? This is not in a TV show or anything. This is just something that we literally just generate. You see the store watermarks here. Let's generate another video to show you guys using an a predefined image that we have. So, let's take a a real dog image. So, we'll find a dog from Google. Any random dog? This one looks okay, right? So, we'll take this image of the dog. We'll save it. Next up, we'll go we'll click that picture icon. And then we're going to paste that picture of the dog in. And then we use that same prompt from before. and we'll just confirm the prompt or we can change the prompt. But yeah, wait for you can see here the icon's loading. We can see the icon's loading and we'll just wait for it to generate finish. And here is the video that we just generated and we saved and we'll play the video for you guys. Wow. So, look at this. This that's that's pretty crazy, right? So, we just took an image of a dog and we sort of turned that image to real life. And looking back, it looks very very realistic, right? If you were to maybe just like look if without the store or watermarks, this video could be considered like people might think this is like a real video or something like that. And you can play this with anything. You can you can do this with people, things, and it really goes on and on and on. So, I hope you guys enjoyed this video. That's how to use make unlimited Sora videos completely for free with no technical knowledge. So yeah guys, I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Please leave a like, subscribe, and turn post notifications on if you haven't yet. And then we'll see you guys again in the next video. I hope you guys found this video had had value. Don't forget to check out my last


How To Use Unlimited Cursor For Free.. (Better Then Claude Code)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjbS2LRXlDk

You guys have been really enjoying my previous Vibe Code videos. So, in this video, I'm going to show you guys how to use Cursor with no technical knowledge. Anybody can use this video to create unlimited websites and host it completely for free. If that sounds good, I want you guys to leave a like, subscribe, turn post notifications on, and I'm going to try to make this the best video of AI you've ever seen. And comment down any questions that you have along the way. I'm going to show you guys how to create unlimited websites with no technical knowledge. You're going to be able to use all of the features and models of cursor. What you're going to want to do is go back to your search bar. Go to google.com. Type in ravoev. Press enter. You'll click on this link right here. Once you're on this screen, you'll click on this yellow try now button. Once you're on this screen, you're going to enter your email. Enter any Gmail, any email that you want. Once you see it at this screen, press on sign up. When you see this screen, you're going to get a code that was sent to the email that you just inputed. Next, you're going to go to your email. Once you open up your email, you should see the six-digit code. You're going to take that code, right click, copy, go back to the website, paste it in. For the name, enter any name you want. For the password, enter any password you want, then press continue. For this part, enter any site you want. Once you see that it's available in green here, click on agree and start. Now, you'll see this loading screen. Just wait for it to finish loading. Once it's successfully loaded, you'll see this thing. You're going to want to click on dismiss or you can read through it if you want to as well. Just click next, next, next, finish. When you're on this screen, you're going to click on this button right here, Ravo Dev CLI. When the popup opens on this part, if you're on a Mac, you're going to click on Mac. If you're on a Windows, you're going to click on Windows. And if you're on a Linux, you're going to click on Linux. Right now, I'm using a Mac OS computer, so I'm going to click the Mac link. Next, you're going to open terminal. Once you have Terminal open, you're going to click on the first step. Click on copy. Go back to Terminal. Paste that command in. Press enter. And what this does is install the home brute ACLI for your environment so you can use all of the cursor features for free. And then once you see here, you should see some sort of success message like this. Next, you're going to copy the second part. Right click, copy. Go back to terminal, paste in that second command. What this does is install the ACL. Finishes install the ACL. Once it's done, you should see something along the lines like this. Next, to confirm that it successfully installed, click on part two of the command. Copy. Go back to your terminal. Paste the command in. Press enter. And once you have it successfully installed, you should see something alongside like this ACLI version and whatever number that you have in the future. Now you can go back to your other window. Close this screen. We don't need it anymore. Keep this window open. Now it's time to generate your API token. From here you're going to click on this one atlin account. It's going to send you another verification code to your email. Now go back to your email and get the code. Once you're back in your email, you'll have another code. Take the code, copy it, go back to that page, paste the code in. Then you'll be redirected to the API tokens page. What you're going to do next, click on create API token. For the name, name it anything you want. For the expiration date, just pick something in the future. Once you have that set, click on create. Next, once this API token window pops up, keep the page. Once the API token page is open, you're going to want to keep this page open. Don't close it. And if you want to view your API token, you can click this button as well. Make sure you keep this page open. Go back to terminal. We're going to go back to the other page that we had on and you're going to have to copy and paste this link. ACL space off space login. Paste it. If you've done this step before, you're going to have to log out first. So, I'm going to log out first. And you can see log out was successful. So, it logged out of my other account. You're going to paste it back in. ACL bravo dev off space login. Press enter. Next, it's going to ask for your email. All you have to do is enter the email that you've been using so far. So, I typed in my email. If you get a authentification error in this step, make sure you manually type in your email cuz sometimes if you copy and paste, there could be some sort of like weird character or something. So, I've typed in my email and I'm going to press enter. Next step, it's asking for your API token. So, we're going to go back to this window. Click on copy. Once you see it successfully being copied to clipboard, when it asks for your API token, you're just going to paste it in. So, press enter and you successfully set up your Bravo Dev environment. And you can save these commands for the future. Mainly, you're going to need this these two commands for the future. And also for this one, make sure you log out every time you do this. Next, I'm going to show you how to create a website. What you're going to want to do next is create an empty folder. You can see here I created an empty folder, Kevin Cursor website. You can name your folder whatever you want. Go back to your terminal. Type in cd space. What you're going to want to do next, take the empty folder, drag and drop it into your terminal. And you can see in terminal, we've opened the empty folder. And let's confirm that this is an empty folder. So it's an empty folder here with nothing going on. Next up, go to this page. Click on copy for this command. ACL ravo dev run. And what this command does is runs the ravo dev inside your empty folder where we're going to vibe code. And we're pretty much going to be able to use all of the cursor features. Paste it in. Press enter. So once you're at this step, you should see it working in. and then in the directory that you went in. Once you see this, you know that it's running and it's working and you're you're going to be able to use all of the cursor features. Now, for I'm going to show you how to use it next. First, if you want to switch the models, click on slash models. Press enter. From here, you can switch it to Claude Sonnet 4, Claudson 4.5, or GBT 5. And these are all of the latest models that are currently used by Cursor. And if you're watching this in a future time and there's even newer model, they would definitely update this along the way. And so we'll just use a model. We can use clots on it. If you want to clear if the context window is getting too big, you can do slashclear. And what clear does is it just clears the current session message history. If you want to see your usage, do slash usage. And you can see here, this is a brand new account, nothing used yet. What you're going to want to do is do slash yolo. This is the command that I do every single time. And what this does is it skips confirmation. So, it's not going to keep asking you to confir whatever prompt you type in. It's not going to keep asking you for confirmations along the way. If you do slash as well, there's also you can do up and down. There's memory. You can add in different MCPS. You can add in prompts. You can you can do a lot of stuff. You can do /help. You can also add in sub aents as well. Do/ sub aent. So, we're going to create the website next. Go back to your window and just type search for this awwards. And we're going to click on website award. Find a random design that we like. There's a lot of beautiful designs that you can pick from. Okay, I found this random design. I found this random link. Go back to your terminal and we're going to type in the prompt. And in the prompt, we're going to say create me a React website similar to And then you're just going to paste the link in. You can paste in any app. You can paste in any website and you can just say create me a React website, create me a iOS app, create me a full stack app similar to your link. Press enter. This is a better way, a better tool than cursor itself because you get a little more free reign and a little more free will in it. It might not be as easy as cursor, but it uses all the same features that cursor has plus much much more. We're not cloning the the website exactly. We're just literally giving it an inspiration link and sort of having AI sort of saying all right so this is the type of website that we want to create the type of project that we want to create and we're giving it free will so it looks like it's done and once it's done you can see it it shows some type of success message like this it's saying to just open it at localhost 3000 and that's what we're going to do next and I'll also include all of the code in the description down below so if you guys whatever you guys want to do if you guys want to learn from this feel free we'll take the local host 3000 link Right click, copy. Go back to our search browser, paste it in. Moment of truth. See what it creates. And this is what it created. This is like a real estate website that it literally created. It found photos of houses. It found like and everything's pretty. Wow. This is actually pretty nice, right? For like one prompt. Do the links work? Wow. So, we clicked in. Is it mobile friendly? It's a mobile friendly website as well. About page. This is actually pretty nice contact page. This is a completely fictional website, you know, it's it is created to find search properties. Wow, I'm actually pretty amazed. Right, for one to two prompts, this is the result that we got to and we'll compare it to the original. It's nothing really like the original, but it used inspirations of the original. We can close that page. Okay, so we've created the website. Now, I'm going to show you guys how to host the website. Go back to your search browser. Type in github.com. Next, you're going to click on sign up if you don't have an account yet. You can use your email or you can sign up with a Gmail account or Apple account. Since we have an account, we're going to sign in. Okay. Once you're successfully signed up for a GitHub account or logged in, you should see something like this window. What you're going to want to do is click on this green new button. Create a brand new project. Description, you can just leave it blank. Click on create repository. From here you'll you'll be presented with this screen. Next, click on this part. Uploading an existing file. Next, you're going to open the folder where we created the project at. You're going to drag and drop everything in it. Don't copy and drag. Don't drag and drop the node module folder. Just everything except that. And we can see it's doing its thing. We'll just say this create website. And there you go. Our our website that we vibe coded is successfully on the directory that on the GitHub directory. Next, you're going to open a brand new window. You're going to go to versel.com. You'll be presented on this screen. If you don't have an account yet, you're going to click on sign up. Next, you can click on if this is a commercial, click on commercial. But we want to do hobby. You're going to type in your name. From here, you can create your account. So, if you already have an account, we're going to log in. Okay. Once you are successfully logged into Versel, you should see the window like this. What you're going to do is click on add new. Click on project. Now, you centered this page. You're going to search for the one that we did earlier. And what you're going to do is click on import, click on deploy. You should get like a versell link. This is a live link. This is not a our local host anymore. There you go. It's successfully hosted. If you want to make updates, you just go in terminal, type in updates, and manually upload it into GitHub and it should update your website live. You guys can use this to create any sort of software that you guys want. It's pretty much how to use all of the features of cursor. And we didn't do any coding. Literally, we just typed in prompt. So, I hope this was like the best vibe coding video you guys ever watched. Please leave a like, subscribe, and turn post notifications on if you haven't yet.


How To Use Unlimited Antigravity For Free.. (Better Then Cursor)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URCaVsTga58&t=284s

In this video, I'm going to show you how to use Google Anti-gravity from start to finish. By the end of this video, you can have your own fully functional website hosting for free, and you can do this unlimited number of times. Leave a like, subscribe, turn post notifications on if you haven't yet, and leave any comments down you have below along the way. I'll be showing you guys how to use the new Google anti-gravity from start to finish with the latest Gemini model right now. So, let's get started right now. And by the end of this video, you're going to have your own fully functional hosted website. And you can do this in unlimited number of of times. All the vibe coding you want for any software. You can do this for new projects or existing projects as well. Let's get started. Go to your search browser. Click the top. You're going to want to type in anti-gravity. It should be the first link. Anti-gravity.google. So once you're on the website, it should show Linux. If you're on a Windows, it should show Windows, but since I'm on a Mac, it's automatically showing Mac OS. So I'm going to click this. And then once you click that, you'll get sent to this page. And this works on if you have a Mac, if you have a Windows, or if you have a Linux. Since we have a Mac, we're going to click on the Mac installer. We're going to allow. And then we're downloading it. It's pretty much the same setup as similar if you've ever used cursor before. So once you download it, you're going to go to the folder. And then when you see anti-gravity, you're going to double click to open. You're just going to drag and drop. On Windows, you would just run that as administrator. After it's installed, you're going to want to double click to open it. You can close this window. If you're on a Mac and any security things pop up, just click open and allow. Once you've opened anti-gravity, you should be presented with this type of screen. What you're going to want to do next is go to the top right, click on login with Google. You're going to need a Google account for this. After you press your Google account, you're going to sign in and it's just going to create an account. So, after I'm successfully logged into the Google account after I click that, you're going to click on open anti-gravity. Okay. And you can see that we're successfully authenticated and logged into Google. And you can see here that we have an account here. After we can see an icon of a letter. You can click it and once you see this, you know you're successfully logged in. If you don't like the color, you can change the theme. There's dark mode as well. Like for this tutorial, we'll just use the default light theme. And and you can see here it's similar to cursor on the right side. But something different here is just like a planning mode. Pretty much with anti-gravity, something smart that they do is whatever prompt that you typed in, they will do a planning mode before they execute. Or you can just do a fast mode where it'll just start coding. And when you click this drap drop down, you can change the models here. And the current models is GBT OSS Cloud Sonet 4.5 Thinking Cloud Sonnet 4.5 Gemini 3 Pro Low, Gemini 3 Pro High. I don't really know the difference, but we're going to be using Gemini 3 Pro High. I'll walk you guys through some more features. This is just a file explorer. If you want to search for specific files, you can do a code search here for maybe if you want to type in a variable name or whatever, you can just change it globally. Here at Source Control, you can connect it to GitHub as well. You can publish system straight to GitHub, but it's easier. I showed you guys the manual way. You can run and deploy. You can run and debug. And there's also a remote explorer. So you can do that as well. And there's also an extension shop. So if you use any extensions in VS Code that you want here, you can also install it as well. But main thing, if you want to open a brand new conversation, you click this plus icon and you can type the brand new prompt with it or you can go back to your old existing conversation like we do here. So we want to go back. If you want to see the past conversation of what we've pretty much been doing, these are just different past conversations that we had going on. And we click this additional options icon. There's customizations. If you need MCP servers, they have that as well. And there's a bunch of different MC MCP servers already on this app store that you can do. You can close the agent view that you can do. But pretty much a lot of these like settings and features is something you really won't even really need. What you want to do is just get in Vibe Code and pretty much leave, right? Pretty much. We're going to create a brand new project now. Go to any directory. We're going to create a brand new folder. Kevin anti-gravity website. Okay. So, we have the folder here. Open back anti-gravity. Click on open folder. And you can see here that after you click on that folder and Kevin anti-gravity website folder, it's an empty folder with nothing there. This is where we're going to vibe code in. Click on open. You can name your folder anything you want. And then once you've successfully inside the folder, you're going to want to click allow. It's pretty much just allows anti-gravity to access the files inside your folder. Allow and trust. After you have that going here, you can see here we're in the empty folder right now. There's absolutely nothing in here. Now, I'm going to show you guys how to create the website. So you can see here that make sure you're on planning mode. And then for the model, make sure you're on Gemini 3 Pro high. If you want, you can switch the models as well to a different model that you like. You're going to go here. You're going to say, create me a React website. I run a dental practice. It's completely random. You can change this to whatever. You can say, "Create me a website. Create me iOS app. Create me Android app. Create me a video game. Create me a game like Minecraft." Whatever you want to create really. But I'm going to type this. Create me a React website. I run a dental practice. I want you to use best practice. Maybe make it let's say make it blue. Make it blue theme. Nice simple. Press enter. Next. You can see it generate. And we can see it working. We're currently using planning mode. So what it's going to do first is it's going to create a plan. It's going to take your prompt. It's going to create a plan. And after it creates the plan, it's going to execute the plan. You can see it's it's literally running. It's installing all the dependencies it needs. And it's literally on the left side as it's vibe coding. We just wait for the finish. Really, it's a completely random theme. I just thought off the top of my head. You can replace that that prompt with anything you want. Any sort of software you want. If you want to create an app, if you want to create a website, if you want to create a video game, if you want to create maybe templates or themes or whatever you guys, whatever you can imagine and whatever you can type in the prompt, you can create with anti-gravity. Okay. And you can see here once it's done, it will literally say that this pop-up button, it can say you can reject all the change or you can accept all the changes. Right now, it's already implemented all the changes. It's going to show you how to run it exactly. Next, we're going to open terminal. When you have terminal open, type in cd cd space. You're going to go back to that folder. You're going to drag and drop the folder into terminal. Once it's dragged in terminal, press enter. And you can see here we're currently open inside the folder. Close that. And you can see here that it created a walkthrough for us what to do. So we need to type in npm run install or npm install. Next we do npm rundev. Next it popped up a local host for us. We're going to take the local host. Copy. Open up your internet browser again. Go back to the top. Paste it in. And we're going to see what we created with the Vive Code. Wow. Visually this is perfect. Is it mobile friendly? It's mobile friendly. I'm actually very I'm actually very very impressed. This is amazing. Do you guys remember that single prompt that we did create me a React website? I wrote a dental practice. I want you to use best practice make blue theme. That's the prompt I typed in. I'll include everything in the description down below as well for you guys to to learn from and and literally literally it created this entire thing from scratch. Do you see there's animations? Our different pages created. Wow. Okay. Okay. Book appointment. And if you book appointment, I guess it could just call or something like that. What do you guys What do you guys And it created a logo, too. And it it found a picture as well. It found a dental picture as well. Wow. I'm I'm actually very happy with this from from one single prompt that we did. It literally created everything. And I pretty much showed you guys how to create the website literally for free. And all you needed was literally one prompt. And this is better than previous models I've used because when I've done this in the past with quad, I've done this in the past with the older Gemini models. I've done this in the past with GPT. There's always been visual issues. There's always been but this was this was right on first one single prompt. It's literally perfect. If I saw this website in real life, I would think like a dental practice really. Okay, next I'm going to show you guys how to host this website. Go back to your internet browser. Go to github.com. Press enter. If you don't have an account yet, you're going to sign up. And when you sign up, you can use the same Google account, you can use an Apple account, or you can create the brand new G email. Since we have an account, I'm going to sign in. Once you're successfully signed into GitHub, you're going to want to click this green new button. You're going to pick a root repository name. You can name this anything you want. To make it easy, I'll just name it the same thing that we've been naming it the whole time. You're going to click on create repository. Next, you're going to click on upload an existing file. Next, you should see this screen. Open. Next, we're going to open the folder where we created all our vibe coded stuff. We're going to drag and drop everything in here, but do not We're going to drag and drop everything in here. Do not drag and drop node modules. We're going to drag and drop everything except node modules. And you can see here that we literally copied everything. We copied everything except that node modules. Once everything is uploaded, scroll down, click on commit changes. You'll see this screen processing our files. Just wait for it to complete. Once it's complete, you'll see this screen pop up. You'll see that we created a brand new GitHub repo and then we pretty much uploaded all the files and you should see something like this now. Next, go back to your search browser on top. Type in verell.com. Press enter. If you don't have a Versell account, you can click on sign up. You're going to click on hobby. Enter your name, Kevin. From here, you're going to want to continue with GitHub. GitHub, what it does is it pretty much just links your GitHub account to your Versell account. Since you have an account, we're going to log in. It's going to authenticate. And then once it authenticates and it connects, you'll be presented with this screen. And once you've successfully are in the screen, you're going to click on add new. Click on project. We're going to look for the project that we just created. And you can see here it it pops up as number one. If it doesn't show for you, you can just search it as well. Anti-gravity. This is literally just the name of the GitHub um folder that you created. Click on import. Make sure the framework is automatically selected as well. We're not going to change anything here. If you want to, if you need to change anything, this is more advanced stuff, but we're not going to change anything here. You're going to click on deploy. Congratulations, your dental our dental website is successfully deployed. Click on continue to dashboard. Next, we'll be given the link that we can use. And this is a live link that we just hosted completely for free. We'll click this. This is a live website hosted completely for free. This is a live link right here. This is not a local host anymore that we literally created from one single prompt with Gemini. What do you Let me know what you guys think. You can tell the prompt to create more pages. You can tell the prompt to change the design. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Uh don't forget to check out my other Vive Code videos. Please leave a like, subscribe, turn post notifications on if you haven't yet, and let me know if you have any questions along the way, if this made sense for





















































