HeyGen’s NEW Video Agent Tool Just K*LLED Video Editors! (HeyGen Tutorial)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8x4ZCDeTGaE

https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqbEtjNENaSUdhRUI0VWZXQlJwRGpPUFBlUXVBQXxBQ3Jtc0tuLUJlX21oTVFUdlI5dVE1ZFc4V3BlaVNjcmd2QkR4TTMzUDJsRVRiQXlydjZyTHVfbWtQQ0FQZ2VxYmhzVjNOdGFVcnloQ08yc1Q4T296ekdONTVrYktVNEo3Y0pkNDZzZTZERHVIWDBGSFpjeWFINA&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.heygen.com%2F%3Fsid%3Drewardful%26via%3Drobtheaiguy&v=8x4ZCDeTGaE

I just found a brand new AI tool that allows anybody to create realistic AI generated videos in seconds. You simply just describe the video that you want and boom, it goes off and gets created. By the end of this video, you're going to know exactly what tool you could use to do this, how to use it, and I'm going to share with you three crazy use cases that you could use this tool for and how you could benefit from making AI generated content. Now, that brand new AI tool that I'm talking about is Hey Genen, but in specific their video agent that literally just got released because with this you could simply describe exactly what you're imagining and it is going to transform it into a multi-seene talking video in just a few minutes. And the capabilities for this are absolutely nuts. So, let's go through this quick. First and foremost, you could choose between vertical or between landscape. You could come over here and adjust the length of this, which is pretty crazy. You could do a 15 or 30 second video or you could do up to 3 minutes. And you can actually do multiple 3minute videos and stitch them together outside of this in an editing platform if you wanted to make the content longer than that. In addition to that, you can come over here and you can choose different assets. You could upload them from the device. You could reference them inside of here. For example, at and you'll be able to see all the different things that I've uploaded. For example, I uploaded this character. Or if we click on avatar, we could go through all the different avatars. We could go through my avatars that I have because I've personally created AI avatars of myself. I could come to my favorites or public avatars right here. In addition to that, if we click right here, we could go through all the different speaking voices over here. So, we're going to click on me right here and we're going to say make a video about the Tik Tok algorithm. We're going to come over here. I'm going to make this 30 seconds long. Again, we want to make sure that I am chosen as the asset right here. And we could come over here. We could choose between these two looks. I'm going to choose this look right here. And we're going to go through and create this. And then just like that, this is going to go through and this is going to make this. Now, you don't need to do this with yourself or with your own avatar. You can do it with other avatars or with no avatar. Now, from here, we could see that this went through this actually created a plan. Here we have the topic, the Tik Tok algorithm, the audience, Tik Tok creators and marketers. Music theme is going to be upbeat and modern. Video length approximately 30 seconds. Video orientation, we're going to go with landscape. script plan. This is going to go through and this is going to automatically generate the script based on the information that is provided. Target language, English, avatar, we can see that we have myself right here. Voice, we could do the voice of me, which is going to be provided right here. Supplemental footage is all going to be AI generated and the captions are going to be enabled. Now, if we did want to make changes to this, we could click in here, we can make the changes or just click on continue and this is going to go through and actually generate this for us. Now, while this video is over here getting created, I wanted to open up a new window here again to show you what else we could do, like choosing from assets. So, we could come over here. We could click on this, and we could see that I've actually uploaded this individual right here that we could use as an asset. What we could do is go through and say, have him give a monologue about how his family is so successful. So, we're going to go through, we're going to do this. We're going to change the mode right here. We're going to change this to be 15 seconds and we can come over here and we can click this again is going to build out this plan and this is going to go off and this is actually going to build this video once we approve the plan. But again, this is with a photo that we uploaded right here. This person isn't actually real. This is an AI generated image that I made on a different AI platform and then we just imported it in here and we could see great this looks perfect. I'm going to click on continue and this is going to go through and create this. In addition to that, I did want to emphasize that you can do tons of different things in here. You can do photo to video, avatar videos, you can generate your own avatar, you could replicate your own voice. There's so many different things that you could do inside of Hey Genen to create AI generated content and this is by far the number one tool for this. Okay, so now that this video is actually generated, we could come through and see what this actually looks like. I'm going to make this full screen and then let's see and I want to show off to you just how powerful this tool is. powerful recommendation system shaping user content on their for you page. It analyzes user interactions. Okay, so that's the first thing I wanted to highlight here. We could see that this actually created the script itself, created these captions itself. And the other thing that is really cool here is it's actually generated B-roll itself here like watches, likes, and shares along with video details to predict enjoyable content. creators should focus on authentic highquality content with. In addition to that, the other thing that you are going to notice here is that if we wanted to, we could get this to make any changes, we could share this. We could download this and if we wanted to edit it, we would literally just click on edit right here and we could come over here and we can change all this. For example, if I want to get rid of the music, I could do that in here. If I wanted to come over here and actually change which voice is being used, I could do that right here. If I wanted to come over here and I wanted to adjust what this script is going to be like, I could come over here and I can do that. And then we could regenerate this video and see what it looks like. So, not only does this make this incredibly easy for you to be able to generate content, but also for you to be able to edit it. Now, if we come over here, we can see this other one that was created with the photo. And again, let's check this out right here. My family didn't just succeed, we redefined it from bootstrapping our first venture to leading industries world. Okay. So, this is awesome. Even the voice here, I didn't actually tell it about this voice. It just went through and matches correctly. So, we're going to do I'm actually going to get rid of the music here because I don't want this music to be on here. And then from here, what we can do is play this. We didn't just succeed, we redefined it. From bootstrapping our first venture to leading industries worldwide, our relentless drive and unbreakable bonds have built an empire that stands tall. Now, that's awesome. You can see the people moving in the background. We've got the water moving in the background. He looks absolutely amazing. The voice match is perfect. And this is what makes this AI tool so powerful. Literally, just with very simple prompts, I just made AI generated content. And I could make it for multiple platforms, for multiple lengths, and for multiple use cases. By the way, I didn't show this before, but if you actually click into the studio, you will see that you will be able to edit way more. We come over here, we could translate this into other languages. We could come over here and change what kind of media is being generated, what kind of B-roll is being added in, what the text actually looks like right here. We could add in different elements here. We could change the background. We could add in different layering and all stuff like that. And we could even come in here, make changes, and we could change things out however we want, scene by scene, which is incredibly powerful. Now, before I show you three other crazy use cases you could use this tool for, I wanted to remind you that you could go to the pin comment below and get started with HGN today. This is the AI tool that I personally use to create all my AI generated videos and I'd strongly suggest that you do too. Now, the first example I wanted to show you here of how people are actually using this is what Sabrina is doing. So, if we scroll down, any of her content that we see with her with this purple hat on right here, this is all AI generated content and it's being done using Hey Genen. Basically, what she did was she just took a photo of herself or created an avatar and then she's using a hen tool in order to actually create that avatar right here. And you don't only have to do this with your own avatar or with your own face. Because if we come over and look for something like prehistoric humans on YouTube, what you'll see are a bunch of channels like this channel right here. Let me skip this ad quick. And we can see that this entire channel here is all AI generated content about prehistoric humans. And again, you could use Hey Jen's video agent right here in order to actually generate this. It'll generate all the scenes, all the scripts, and everything that you need to create AI generated content. And this is going to allow you to actually scale your content because you're not going to be the bottleneck anymore when your team can come in here, use your AI avatar or use the characters that you've created and just generate unlimited AI content because this can work for you 24/7 365. It doesn't need breaks. It doesn't need rest. It doesn't get sick. In fact, your avatar is always going to be there. Use case number two for this is actually going to be found over here. So we could see right here that you could upload a PowerPoint or a PDF and this will go through and turn it into a video. And now in terms of the background options, you could use image to background. You could use an editable template which is going to be PowerPoint only and you could add in script options here. For example, if you have your speaker notes, you can upload them in here or you could have this autogenerate a script. Check this out. So I recently went live with this PowerPoint that walks through the Instagram algorithm update. Now, what I could do over here is I could come over here. I could download this as a PowerPoint. I can come back over here into Hen and I can actually upload this in here. And then what this is going to do is create a video out of this. So, you could use this for work, you could use this for school, you could use this for projects, you could even use this to create different types of content that you could post on YouTube, etc., etc. We could see that now this is in here and this will go through and we could have this actually generate this. In fact, look at this. We could see exactly what this voice over is going to sound like. Content based on user engagement, timeliness, and relevance. Latest features like reels and Now, let's say that we don't actually like that voice over. Again, we could change this if we wanted to. We could change the speed. We could change the volume. We could come in here to advanced settings. Or we could even have this change back and forth between different voices. But otherwise, we could get this to actually generate this video right here. And this is going to generate a AI generated video of this walking through this PowerPoint with this script here that we could come in here and change if we wanted to, which is absolutely insane because you could get this to generate PowerPoints. You could get this to generate trainings. You could upload a bunch of screenshots here about how you do certain things in a process. And you could literally get this to make an AI generated walkthrough of it. Then that last use case that I wanted to highlight here is if we come back out over here and we come over here into home, you could see tons of different things that you can do here. For example, you could come over here to make UGC ad videos. You could create a realtime conversational AI that's an interactive avatar. You can create a video ad for your product. We could come over here and click on this and see this. This is actually an AI generated video. one photo into a full UGC style product ad just like this. Here's how easy it is to do. All you need is and this literally isn't a human. This is AI that's showing you this. We could come over here and try this feature if we wanted to. It's literally as simple as you clicking on try this feature right here. You coming over here and uploading a photo of your product. Or we could just go with one. For example, I'm going to go with this right here. And then we could choose who we actually want to talk about it. I'm going to choose her and her car. We could click generate combinations. Now, this is going to go through and generate combinations of that avatar with our product. And then from there, we will be able to combine a highquality script. And this will go through and make a high quality video of an AI avatar highlighting our product. You can see now that this perfectly combined her with our shoe right here. We could click on add script. We could come over here and we can get this to actually create this by adding in different scenes or we could go through and we can actually generate this. So, I'm going to click on generate voice to match video and I'm going to say these are the best shoes I've ever gotten. What's even better about them is that they're 50% off right now for Black Friday. Then we're gonna get this to go through and actually generate this video. Now, of course, you might want to make this script longer, but I made it short just for the sake of this. So, this will generate this really quickly and show off for you exactly what this looks like. So, now that this is actually done, let's go through and let's see what this actually looks like. And quite frankly, this blew me away. These are the best shoes I've ever ever gotten. What's even better about them is that they're 50% off right now for Black Friday. And that is crazy because even her tapping the shoe sounds hyper realistic. Now, if you enjoyed this video, I would strongly suggest you check out this video right here that walks you through a beginner-friendly AI automation tool that allows you to automate pretty much anything that you want. That sounds interesting.



SUPER ATUALIZAÇÃO DA QWEN - CRIE VÍDEOS COM FALA E ÁUDIOS 100% GRÁTIS SEM MARCA D'ÁGUA

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz2CS4GaGr0

Qwen: https://chat.qwen.ai

Essa plataforma atualizou e agora cria vídeos com fala. Ficou top demais. Mais uma I que gera vídeos com falas. Estava sonhando por esse momento. Eu também estava ansiosa. Olha que fantástico. Eu estou falando e não foi com o veio três. Não. Cadê a mamãe? Eu quero cola. Estou com muita fome. Temos mais uma plataforma que atualizou e agora gera vídeos com fala, com áudio, com música, o que você colocar. Não está perfeito, igual nós temos no VO3, mas o VO3 tá perdendo o reinalo, viu? Eu acho que a Google deve já deve est para trazer um V4. Eu sempre falo isso aqui, né? Mas por qu? Ela tá perdendo reinado. Agora nós temos a Quen. A Quen atualizou e agora a Quen gera vídeos com fala. O Lip SN perfeito ainda, não está tão legal, mas já é um começo, né? E dá para fazer vídeos bem bacanas, bem legais. Só não sei se é ilimitada. A Quen era ilimitada, mas gerava vídeos muito toscos, feios, horríveis. Mas agora tá uma maravilha. Não sei se é limitado. Por isso que eu quero que você queria que você colocasse aí. Se você achar a limitação na Quen, gereitação, você fala aqui pra gente, coloca no comentário, tá bom? Mas vamos lá conhecer essa novidade dentro da Quen de geração de vídeos com fala, com voz e tudo mais. Estamos aqui dentro da plataforma da Quen. Plataforma da Quen, um chatbot aqui semelhante ao chat GPT, ao Minai e todos aqueles outros que a gente conhece. E aqui você pode utilizar como um chatbot normal, como qualquer outro, só que agora você cria vídeos, já criava imagem, já faz edição de imagem igual Farunano Banana, né? Aí você pode criar várias coisas aqui. E agora você pode gerar vídeo. Isso mesmo. E com fala. Olha só. Então para você gerar um vídeo com fala, vou colocar na nova conversa aqui. E aí você vai vir aqui, ó. Geração de vídeo. Cadê geração de vídeo? A Queen já tinha essa geração de vídeo, mas agora atualizou. Não falava e era tudo tosco, era feio. E agora atualizou. Vou deixar criando um vídeo, gerando um vídeo aqui enquanto a gente vê os que eu já criei aqui, porque demora um pouco, tá? Aqui você escolhe a proporção, ó, do seu vídeo. 1 por 1, 3 por 4, 4x3, 16 por9, 9 por 16. Colocar 16 por9. E o interessante, eu coloquei para gerar vídeo com adolescente, por exemplo, e gerou. Acho que a Quin não tem, não tem a restrição, tá? Vou até colocar assim, ó. Um bebê em um berço chorando, a câmera se aproxima dele e ele fala em português do Brasil: "Cadê a mamãe? Eu quero colo e estou com muita fome. A fala deve ser em tom de choro. O ideal você colocar o prompt em inglês, tá bom? Ele obedece melhor. Mas eu tô colocando aqui em português pra gente gerar aqui. Então você faz a mesma coisa que fazia com V3. Coloca o prompt inglês e coloca que a fala é em português do Brasil, né? Em Brasil, português. E coloca a fala aqui, entre aspas no em português do Brasil, igual fazia com V3, certo? E aí você clica aqui e aí ele vai gerar o nosso vídeo aqui. Enquanto ele gera, vamos criar um outro aqui para ele gerar também aqui, ó, um novo, a nova conversa. Foi aqui em cima, tá? Para gerar uma nova conversa, para ficar separadinho as conversas, né? E vou colocar um outro prompt aqui pra gente já gerar um outro vídeo. Um menino andando de bicicleta em uma rua de bairro de cidade futurista. Ele olha para a câmera e fala em português do Brasil. Que espetáculo, galera. Eu agora, agora eu falo e não foi com vé com não foi com vel três não. O tono da fala deve ser de alegria e euforia e euforia voltada para colocar assim voltada para adolescentes. Adolescentes. E ele no final dá uma gargalhada de alegre. Pedir para gerar também. Enquanto gera aí, né? Depois eu mostro outras opções aqui da plataforma. Vamos ver algumas que eu criei. Essa aqui eu criei essa influência aqui, ó. Uma mulher influencer sentada em uma cadeira, uma sorveteria. Ela fala em português do Brasil. Ela, essa plataforma atualizou e agora cria vídeos com fala. O Lipsink não tá tão perfeito, você tem que ir gerando e testando, tá bom? Mas tá para enganar, viu? Olha só, a plataforma atualizou e agora cria vídeos com fala. Ficou legal, né? Vídeo legal aqui. Então, eh, gerei direto aqui apenas com esse pequeno prompt. Esse outro também aqui eu fiz um promet direto um Yet em aí é em uma selva andando andando com sonhos de pássaros. Enquanto ele anda, ele fala em português do Brasil. Ficou top demais. Mais uma IA. Colocar dessa forma aqui porque aqui ele ainda não reconhece direitinho como V3 que gera vídeos com falas. Vamos ver como é que ficou. Ficou top demais. Mais uma Ian que gera vídeos com falas. Olha só. Escutou o som dos pássaros lá no no fundo. Olha só. Vamos ouvir de novo aqui. Ficou top demais. Mais uma aí. Muito legal, né? Ficou muito. Gostei. Ficou muito bom. Esse outro aqui eu coloquei falando duas pessoas falando duas. Um homem e uma mulher conversando em uma cafeteria. Um olha para o outro e o homem fala em português do Brasil. Estava sonhada com esse momento. A mulher responde em português do Brasil. Eu também estava ansiosa. Lembrando que os vídeos da Onean são 5 segundos. Você tem que fazer o prompt, adaptar o prompt para gerar em 5 segundos. Tá bom? Então a fala tem que caber em 5 segundos, mas ó como ficou. Estava sonhando por esse momento. Eu também estava ansiosa, viu? Cobe direitinho aqui a fala dos dois e os dois falaram certinho. Perfeito. Primeiro o homem, depois mulher estava sonhando por esse momento. Eu também estava ansiosa. A movimentação fundo, as pessoas passando. Muito, muito, muito legal. Mais um aqui. Agora aqui eu criei com imagem de referência. Eu criei esta imagem aqui lá no Nano Banana. Tem até o o sinalzinho aqui, ó, da do Gemini, né? Tá aqui. E criei lá com Nano Banana, trouxe para cá e aí pedi para ele gerar um vídeo. Ó, um menino na rua subir aqui o vídeo, ó. Aqui, carregar a imagem. Carreguei a imagem e aí coloquei um menino na rua dançando ao som de um hip hip hop. Só isso. Um menino, ele aceitou a imagem. A Google não tinha aceitado, o VO 3 não tinha aceitado, que é um menino. E aí só coloquei dançando ao som de hip hop e ele colocou a música. Olha só. Não tá legal. Eu gostei, viu? Eu gostei. Movimentação aí tá muito boa, né? Essa movimentação rápida que o vel tem dificuldade de fazer e o Sora faz com facilidade, né? Agora cuen também, ó. Ó. Única única probleminha aqui que você observou que alguém foi atropelado aqui, ó. Ainda tem esses probleminhas da Ken, ó. Aqui, ó. Lá vi atropelou, atropelou o coitado aqui. Mas muito bom aqui a o vídeo. Outra aqui eu também gerei agora aqui eu gerei essa imagem aqui dentro da Quen, tá? Então você pode gerar imagem também aqui dentro da Quen. Quando terminar você coloca aqui, ó, criar vídeo, tá? essa imagem que eu gerei e criar vídeo. Aí eu gerei essa aqui e observa que a imagem é de um adolescente, né? E passou normal aqui a imagem. E eu criei aqui a minha olha para a câmera e fala em português do Brasil com voz de adolescente. Olha que fantástico. Eu estou falando e não foi com o vel não. Então olha só. Olha que fantástico. Eu estou falando e não foi com o veio três não. Ela falou veio, né? Veio três, mas eu refiz de novo aqui. Eu não não vi ainda. Coloquei um assento no V vo veo três. Vamos ver como é que ficou por que já bugou. Então para mostrar também aqui essa não tinha visto ainda que também buga, né? Também buga aqui de vez em quando dá problema. Essa aqui, ó, não prestou. Essa não prestou, mas essa aqui prestou, tá? E agora vamos olhar aqui a que nós colocamos para criar. Agora o bebê já gerou aqui o vídeo do bebê e espetáculo na bicicleta aqui. Menino de bicicleta também já acabou de gerar aqui o da bicicleta. Lembrando só vamos voltar aqui. Depois e eu falo o que eu ia falar. Vamos ver o que que o bebê fala aqui. Cadê a mamãe? Eu quero colo. Estou com muita fome. É. Não tá aquela voz de bebê ainda, né? Como a gente faz lá com vel. Mas olha só a qualidade. Mãe, eu quero cola. Estou com muita fome. Dá para usar pelo menos o vídeo tá um espetáculo, né? E aqui o da bicicleta. Vamos ver como é que ficou o da bicicleta. Espetáculo, galera. Agora eu falo e não foi com o vel três não. Também ficou muito bom. Você observa que os prompts eu coloquei prompt simples, prompt pequeno, né? E mas trabalhando o prompt em inglês, vai fazer um negócio bem legal. E lembrando que aqui a Quin também não gera só vídeo, gera imagem. Você pode gerar imagem e a partir dessa imagem, ó, em qualquer formato aqui, você gera um vídeo, tá? E você pode fazer edição de imagem. Você pode subir uma imagem para cá e fazer edição. Deixa eu voltar aqui de novo aqui na conversa, ó. Edição de imagem. Você sobe uma imagem para cá e faz a edição, o que você quiser mudar na imagem, igual faz lá no Nano Banana. Claro que não é o Nano Banana, né? Mas ele faz edição muito boa, tá muito bom aqui a Coin. Isso aí é coisa para um outro vídeo, se for o caso, tá? Porque hoje, ah, especificamente eu trouxe pra gente falar dessa atualização aí de gerar vídeo com fala fala. Muito bom. Dá para fazer coisas bem legais aqui, viu? Muita coisa interessante. Você viu que os vídeos estão bons. A Queen melhorou muito na geração dos seus vídeos. É, a concorrência tá grande, hein? Concorrência tá muito grande. Agora até a Quen já temos o Grock. Já temos a Onean 2.5, já temos a Meta AI, já temos a Sora, tem o V3, começou com V3, agora já tem um bocado. Agora a Quen também tá falando, a Quen tá trazendo é vídeos com fala. Vamos só aguardar quais são as próprias próximas novidades que vai chegar aí pra gente. Gostou do conteúdo? Aproveita para deixar aquele like, deixa também um comentário se você gostou e aproveita também para se inscrever no canal. Se inscreve, marca o sininho, fica aqui. Eu tô todo dia aqui trazendo novidades sobre inteligência artificial. Um abraço e até o nosso próximo vídeo.



COMO fazer TIMELAPSE com IA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUU6ajmNpfs

Imagina criar um timelapse inteiro, sem câmera, sem drone, sem dias de gravação e sem sair da sua casa. É sério, imagina cenários impossíveis e você poderá ver a vida toda se passando na sua frente apenas com prompt simples e tudo isso gerado automaticamente com inteligência artificial. [Música] O que você vai ver aqui hoje é o tipo de conteúdo que viraliza fácil, que chama atenção em qualquer feed e que faz qualquer pessoa parar para perguntar, mano, Como você fez isso? [Música] Porque hoje eu vou te mostrar o método completo para criar timeelapses perfeitos, cinematográfico e impossíveis, usando apenas inteligência artificial e totalmente gratuito. O nosso fluxo de trabalho é o seguinte. Primeiro nós vamos usar o Gemini para criar uma imagem de referência e transformar essas imagens em ângulos e horários diferente. Em seguida, vamos animá-lo no King AI ou também no Flow do Google usando o Vio 3. E no final vamos finalizar a edição usando o Premiere, o Capcut ou qualquer outro software de edição. Nesse tutorial, você vai aprender como escolher o frame certo, transformar uma simples imagens em movimento e como gerar evolução visual passo a passo. Como montar tudo isso para ficar fluído, limpo e profissional. Então, antes da gente começar, já deixa o like, se inscreve aqui no meu canal, ouve o clique do tempo acelerando e vem comigo. Bom, agora é a hora de colocar a mão na massa. Vocês podem ver aqui, ó, tal os prompts que eu usei, como eu fiz em diversos ângulos aqui para mim poder ter fazendo o vídeo da introdução, mas agora nós vamos fazer aí o nosso próprio vídeo. Primeiro passo, vocês entram aí no Gemini, pode logar com sua conta Google, você abre aí uma nova conversa. E o que que eu vou fazer, pessoal? Eu vou est deixando no card aí um vídeo de controle de câmera também para quem quiser se aprofundar um pouco mais nos detalhes da cena, de poder mudar a câmera aí, mudar o ângulo das suas imagens. Isso é muito útil pra gente poder estar realizando aí a nossa timeapse. Então, eu vou escolher aqui essa imagem aqui pra gente poder estar fazendo uma timelapse dela, né? E o primeiro passo é abrir aqui dentro do DMI. Eu estou disponibilizando aí na descrição os prompts que eu usei, claro, né? E o que que nós vamos fazer com essa imagem? Basicamente, nós vamos pegar ela e mudar o ângulo dela pra gente poder trabalhar com ela. Aí eu vou vir aqui e vou subir essa imagem aqui para dentro do Gemini. Prontinho. Então, coloquei aqui, ó, geregosse a imagem de drone de frente. Vou mandar aqui para dentro do gemin o comando. E agora é só aguardar ele me devolver a imagem gerada. Ó, tá aqui. Ele gerou uma imagem como se fosse de drone. É a partir dessa imagem que nós vamos começar a trabalhar. Só que aqui, ó, foi só três dedos, né? E aqui tem quatro dedo. Então, vou pedir para corrigir. Vou colocar aqui, ó. acrescente mais um dedo em cada mão. Bom, pessoal, então tá aqui, ó, gerou com a correção. Eu vou baixar essa imagem e aqui a gente tem o ponto de partida do nosso vídeo, da nossa timeelapse que a gente vai fazer agora. Pessoal, olha que interessante. Eu vou pedir para baixar aqui clicando na setinha, né? Vou aguardar baixar pro meu computador e nós vamos mandar aí o prompt. O que que acontece? Eu vou gerar agora uma imagem como se fosse aqui, ó, no pô do sol. Então, vou colocar aqui, ó, a câmera se aproxima da imagem e a gente vai colocar aqui que ela tá na no pô do sol. E vou subir a nova imagem que eu acabei de baixar aqui para dentro do meu computador. Identifiquei a imagem aqui, vou subir aqui para dentro e agora eu vou fazer o nosso segundo frame, que é a imagem com o pô do sol. e vou enviar aqui pro Gemini. Então, eu já fiz o nosso ponto de partida, que é a nossa primeira imagem. Depois eu vou trazer aqui agora um pô do sol e em seguida nós vamos trazer uma imagem noturna e depois nós vamos animar isso no VO3 ou você pode usar o Cling AI ou HW. Você pode escolher outras plataformas, tanto para gerar imagem quanto para animar o seu vídeo. Isso você fica à vontade para escolher a que você mais se familiariza, tá? Aqui, ó. Como vocês podem ver, eu já tenho essa imagem que é o ponto de partida e tenho essa outra imagem aqui. E agora, pessoal, para finalizar, nós vamos usar o último prompt aqui, certo? Eu vou pegar essa imagem que eu acabei de baixar aqui, ó. Simples, né? Eu vou usar essa imagem, eu vou colocar aqui e vou colocar o prompt 3, que eu vou falar pra câmera rotacionar em 45° na horizontal e está de noite com o ângulo da câmera como se fosse um drone, mas não tão alto. Então é esse o terceiro prompt que eu tô fazendo. Então, basicamente o primeiro passo é isso, pessoal, é a gente juntar as nossas três imagens, a imagem de referência, a nossa imagem no pô do sol e a nossa imagem de noite. E basicamente assim nós vamos poder fazer um timeelapse. Bom, então tá aqui pessoal, já tá de noite, né? A gente gerou a nossa terceira imagem. E basicamente é isso. Eu vou baixar essas três imagens e agora nós vamos para o próximo passo, que é a animação aí das nossas imagens. Então, já tá aqui as minhas três imagens, né, de referência para mim poder fazer a minha, o meu timeelapse aí, tá? Eu fiz questão de escrever aqui, ó, não se limite aos meus ângulos, crie os seus próprios prompt. O que que eu quis dizer com isso? Pega a imagem de referência sui, cria em várias posições em estilo diferente para depois você poder estar fazendo aí uma time profissional, porque a receita do bolo não muda, ela é basicamente essa. Então tá aqui, ó. Poderia tá fazendo essa animação aqui no flow do Google, tá? Aqui dentro do Google Flow. Você escolhe aqui a opção VO3 e você pode sim fazer aqui pelo VO3, tá? Eu vou fazer aí de duas maneiras para que vocês vejam. Inclusive vocês podem ver no histórico aqui, ó. O primeiro vídeo eu fiz aqui no flow do Google, tá certo? E como que a gente vai fazer isso? O interessante é você vir nessa opção aqui, ó, frames para vídeo, tá? Feito isso, você vai escolher aí o primeiro frame do seu vídeo, que no caso vai ser aqui, ó, a mão, tá certo? A primeira nossa, a nossa primeira imagem de referência. Eu vou cortar e vou salvar. E aqui eu vou escolher a minha segunda imagem de referência. Pronto, já carregou a primeira aqui, o primeiro frame e agora nós vamos carregar o segundo frame, que é basicamente aqui, ó, no pôr do sol, tá certo? Na golden hour. Então eu venho, vou colocar essas duas imagens aqui dentro, vou cortar e vou salvar. E muito simples, eu vou dar o comando aqui, ó. Então, pedi aqui, ó, crie um vídeo de timeelapse com a câmera fixa. Então, esse é um jeito de se fazer. E o segundo jeito, que é o jeito que eu mais gosto, eu acho que traz mais uma perfeição, você vai entrar aqui no Cling AI, você pode logar aí com uma conta Google, loguei. Automaticamente que você logar, você já vai começar aí com 166 crédito. Você vai vir nessa opção de vídeo aí, vídeo generator e vai vir aqui imagem to vídeo e vai fazer o mesmo processo. Vou pegar aqui a minha primeira imagem e vou no frame 2 abrir a minha imagem aí no pôr do sol. Feito isso, vou aguardar carregar. Venho aqui e apenas digito timeapse. E ele já vai fazer o processo para mim. Aguardar carregar aqui. Ele vai cobrar cobrar alguns créditos, é normal, tá? Aqui você pode escolher o tempo. Eu vou escolher apenas 5 segundos mesmo e vou gerar. Agora é só aguardar o cling ai criar pra gente. Enquanto isso, eu volto aqui no flow. E o flow do Google já criou, tá? Vou dar o play para que vocês vejam. Ó, pessoal, vocês puderam perceber aqui, ó. Isso acontece muito no flow do Google, tá? Você pode ver que às vezes, às vezes, nem sempre ele dá essa transição mais grosseira. E é exatamente por isso que eu prefiro o cling ai. Mesmo que o primeiro vídeo eu fiz todo aqui esse vídeo da introdução que vocês viram, eu fiz tudo aqui usando o flow do Google, mas algumas vezes sim ele sai com essa transição mais grosseira e eu não gosto disso. Então eu prefiro aqui fazer pelo clean AI porque ele não dá esse Murph, né, essa transição grosseira da imagem. Aqui vocês vão ver o resultado. Bom, tá aqui, pessoal. Clean AI acabou de finalizar aqui a nossa timeelapse. Eu vou dar o play para que vocês vejam. Bom, eu gosto porque eu acho que fica bem mais real, fica um negócio mais uma transição mais suave, tá? Então, basicamente é isso. Eu venho aqui nessa opção, eu posso baixar aqui, fazer o download do vídeo para o meu computador. E o que que eu faço para finalizar a nossa timelapse? Agora eu venho aqui, pego a imagem do pôr do sol, essa imagem aqui, e venho aqui no frame final e vou pegar a imagem noturna. Vou deixar aqui o mesmo prompt de timeelapse e vou gerar aí transformando a imagem do pôr do sol para a imagem noturna. É só clicar em gerar aqui e aguardar que ele já vai fazer a segunda geração de vídeo pra gente. Vocês puderam perceber também que no cling ai ele fica com uma transição mais suave, mais gostoso de assistir. Bom, então tá aqui, pessoal, terminou aí a nossa a nossa time, né, da tarde pra noite. Eu vou baixar aqui também clicando na setinha. E agora é só eu juntar os dois vídeos que eu baixei dentro de um software de edição de vídeos. Aqui eu estou usando o Premiere, mas você pode usar aí o Capcut ou qualquer outro editor de vídeo. E você vai ver aqui, você junta as duas partes, né, desde da manhã até à noite. E basicamente é isso, você vai ter uma timeelapse incrível aí. E fique com o resultado. Espero que vocês tenham gostado. Inscrevam-se no canal. Até o próximo vídeo e valeu. Oh. [Música]


Create 30-Minute Long AI Animated Movie using One Prompt in Sora 2 (Like Zootopia!)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkbRaxuhuJg

🔗Websites and tools mentioned in the video:
👉 Videoinu: https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1pxaUZ6am10alp5U04taDNsYlJCb0tfRFZPUXxBQ3Jtc0trVU9vb1RpWERGNEwtdEZsQTRIdThLLUJwd1VHb0dVWmEtZGVFdkFBU3ZCYWxZYUxzUG11VXlYTXR6aTMya2JUc184R0ZWV01BTjVITDBBbEZDSlhndXZwUnhmdkNlTXlfVTZrcnJHbUNFdFB3d3JoQQ&q=https%3A%2F%2Fvideoinu.com%2F%3Fsource%3D63ddc6c4ae29&v=gkbRaxuhuJg
🎁 Register using this link to participate in the prize draw! 



In this video, I'll show you the exact step-by-step process to create 30 minute long animated stories like Zootopia with perfect lipsync using just a single prompt that looks something like this. Heck, all the donuts are gone. This is definitely a donut theft case. Don't look at me. I haven't even had breakfast yet. Size 12. We need to check the storage room now. On it. I might have accidentally eaten all the donuts. There are channels consistently uploading AI generated movies, getting millions of views and earning around $50,000 every single month. But here's the catch. Sora 2 requires an invitation code and can only generate videos that are 20 seconds long. But today, you can use Sora 2 inside Video Enu AI to automatically match high-quality audio while also creating short films or long- form videos of up to 30 minutes. And because I genuinely want to see you succeed, I'm giving away five pro subscriptions. I'll explain exactly how you can participate and win one for free later in this video. So, make sure to stick around till the end. Welcome to AI Upskill. Let's get started. Now, the foundation of any great animated story is a solid script with proper scene descriptions and dialogues. And to make things easier, we'll use chat GPT. I've already created a prolevel prompt that does everything for you. You can grab it from my Discord video prompts channel. Just copy the prompt and paste it into chat GPT. You only have to replace this placeholder with your own story idea. You can also customize the prompt based on your needs. And just like that, Chat GPT generates complete scenes with detailed summary and dialogues. All right, now here's where the real magic happens. It's time to use an AI tool to transform those scene prompts into a complete animation video. And for this, I'm going to use Video Enu AI. It's the world's first tool that integrates Sora 2 for cinematic quality animations. It creates videos up to 30 minutes long with consistent characters, something that was literally impossible just months ago. And here's a quick reminder. In the next few minutes, I'll share the exact giveaway requirements where you can get the chance to use this AI tool for free. So, head over to this tool from the description of this video. Once you have completed your signin, you'll be brought to this friendly dashboard. Now, before moving forward, if you're still watching right now, you're already part of the 10% who actually take action. Most people watch and do nothing. So, go ahead, hit that like button and subscribe because I share new AI tools, trending niches, and faceless automation strategies every single week. Inside the video enu dashboard, go to the latest story tovide section. Now, you have three options. You can either choose the basic script option if you already have a complete script. If you only have a rough idea like we just created, you can use the smart script option. And if you don't even have an idea, you can use the sample idea given above. This loads a pre-esigned template with scenes and characters. For now, I'll use the smart script option and paste in the idea we generated with chat GPT. Next, select your preferred video style. As per my video idea, the Zootopia style works perfectly, but you can select based on your video idea. Then select the video duration from here. As you can see, it supports videos up to 30 minutes long, but for this video, I'll keep it short. Finally, choose the aspect ratio and language of the video and simply click the create button. The tool instantly breaks my idea into scenes. And here's where it shocked me. It automatically provides a summary of the video, its cast, the script with scenes, and a preview of scene one. You can edit the characters in your story. From here, this is how the tool maintains consistency throughout your entire video. From here, you can either choose from the existing characters or create your own new character by putting a prompt in this box. I'll stick with the default generated characters to keep this quick. Once you hit next, the tool starts generating storyboard images for each scene. And when I saw the storyboard images, I actually paused for a second. Look at this. 18 storyboards, each one perfectly matching my idea with consistent characters across every frame. And here's the cool part. It even lets you fine-tune every detail in your video. If you didn't like a scene, simply make changes to the prompt from here. Click on the regenerate button and a completely new image will be generated for free. So using this, I will make sure all my images looks perfect and as per my needs. Now watch what happens next. Once all your shots are perfect, it's time to convert them into video. This is where Sora 2 comes in. Simply click on the animate button. You can either animate all shots at once or do them one by one. For now, I'll animate one scene so you can see the quality. Simply choose your preferred video model. I'm going with Sora AI because it gives the smoothest visuals and handles lip sync perfectly. Simply click confirm. Video enu will start animating the scene. Let me skip ahead to show you the results. Look at this. Someone stole it, Nick. We have a thief on our hands. H guess break time just got interesting. The character's lips are perfectly synced to the dialogue. The movements are smooth and the quality is honestly insane. And this is why I'm obsessed with this tool. Now, simply repeat this process until all of your shots are animated. So, once you're done, simply click next. From here, you can add a cover title, subtitles, and background music. But for now, I'm keeping it simple and skipping these options. Finally, click the generate button. All right, while that's rendering, let's talk about the giveaway. Here's exactly what you need to do to win one of the five pro subscriptions. Sign up for Video Enu using the link in the description. Leave a comment below telling me what you like about this tool and what improvements you'd want to see. And make sure you've liked this video and subscribe to the channel. Just be quick as this offer is only valid for five members who complete all the three steps. All right, the video is done. Let me show you the final result. Nick, my mega muffin is gone. This is a muffin emergency. I left it right here, still warm. Now there's just crumbs. H tragic. Want me to file a missing pastry report or should we wait for the crumbs to Someone stole it, Nick? We have a thief on our hands. H guess break time just got interesting. Look, a crumb trail. Someone made a sloppy getaway or a very tasty one. I look at the thief must have gone this way. Or they were just really hungry. Aha. This print is huge. Definitely not mine. I'd hope not. I'd hate to see the shoes that fit that thing. Which means our guys still close. Stay ready. Unless you suddenly grew size 12 paws overnight. I That's huge. Size 12. We need to check the storage room now. On it. The muffin bandit is inside. Let's get this over with, partner. Mhm. I was hung hungry. Officer McCor, that was my mega muffin. I'm uh sorry, carrots. I didn't know. Now you do. And you owe me one. I'm sorry, Judy. I didn't know it was yours. I bought you a new one. Actually, 12. Damn, this looks so real. You can't even tell it's AI generated. Want to see another example? Here's a second project I created using the exact same method. This is how some of the shots turned out. All the donuts are gone. This is definitely a doughut theft case. Don't look at me. I haven't even had breakfast yet. Look at the consistency and the quality. This would have taken me 20 plus hours with traditional methods. I might have accidentally eaten all the donuts. You can improve the realism even more by manually improving your prompts. But honestly, even the base level results are crazy good. And that's how easy it is to create animated story videos using AI. You now have everything you need. The tool, the prompts, and a chance to win a pro subscription for free. The barrier to entry for creating animated content has never been lower. Channels are making thousands of dollars every month with this exact method. The link to Video Enu AI is in the description along with my prolevel prompt inside my Discord server. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

This Secret TikTok Niche Is Getting 30M Views EASY (AI Automation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIf69CVkVmw

Here's a great long AI video generator to try out, better than Veo3:
https://videoinu.com?source=ai_upskill

🔗Websites and tools mentioned in the video:
Clippie: https://clippie.ai/?linkId=lp_452687&...
Leonardo AI: https://app.leonardo.ai/?via=ai-upskill
Prompt (on discord):   / discord  

✅For any business related promotions or sponsorships, email us here: aiupskillcollabs@gmail.com

✅ Create Viral Shorts Videos using AI👇
https://www.aicut.pro/?via=aiupskill

I'm sure you guys have seen those creepy animated stories at least once in YouTube shorts or Tik Tok. There's this Tik Tok page that's pulling in millions of views just by posting them. Even on YouTube, there's a channel that gained a total of 4 million views with only 39 uploads. And it's not just views. He is easily making around $5,000 every single month. But the problem is most people have no idea how to actually make these videos. Some try, but they end up switching multiple AI tools, editing for hours, and still not getting close to the quality you see on those viral channels. But today, I'll show you exactly how I did this in just 2 minutes using a single AI tool. And the best part, it doesn't just generate a video script for you, but it even generates scenes in one click. So, here's the deal. In this video, I'll show you the full step-by-step process without gatekeeping anything. We'll start by creating a channel name and logo using AI. Then I'll show you how to generate viral video ideas and scripts that actually stand out from competitors. After that, we'll jump into creating those dark story videos. And finally, I'll share my monetization blueprint so you can start earning right away. All you need are right prompts that help you create a brilliant story idea and script. And yes, I've already created prompts for those which I'm giving you guys for free. So, make sure you watch this video till the end because you'll walk away with everything you need to launch your own faceless channel in this brand new niche. Welcome to AI Upskill. Here's a short preview if you haven't seen this niche before. Did you know there are rumors of a subway train in New York that only appears after midnight? Commuters call it the ghost line. Witnesses claim they board a normal looking train. But once the doors close, everything changes. The windows turn pitch black, the lights flicker, and the usual station announcements are replaced by faint whispers. Passengers say the train doesn't stop at any station on the map. All right, let's start with the basics. For faceless niches like this, your account name and logo are basically your personality. So, instead of sitting for hours trying to come up with one, we'll use chat GPT. I've created a Google document with every single prompt that I'll be using in this video. It makes the whole process super easy. You'll find it in my Discord video prompts channel. I'll leave the link to the Discord server in the description below. Just copy the first prompt and paste it into chat GPT. And in seconds, you'll have a list of spooky channel names. Just pick the one that feels right. Once you have a name, it's time for the logo. I like using Leonardo AI for this as it's free, but any image generator works. Simply copy and paste the second prompt from my Google doc into the prompt box. Just remove this placeholder text and add your channel name that you've selected from chat GPT. Click here and choose the latest Lucid Origin model. Also, just make sure the aspect ratio is one by one and simply click generate. In less than a minute, you'll have a polished logo that looks like you paid a designer. And just like that, your faceless channel is ready. All right. Now comes the most important part of this entire process, which is the script. These creepy cartoon videos focus on two things. A hook that grabs attention and a dramatic tone with emotional tension. So once again, we'll use chat GPT. Go to the Google doc I mentioned and simply copy the third prompt. Drop it into chat GPT. Then just hit enter and you'll get 10 incredible video ideas which are engineered to go viral. And if you're not satisfied with the generated ideas, then simply hit regenerate on the same prompt, and you'll have 10 more in seconds. Now, to convert one of those video ideas into a script, I've included another prompt inside the same Google Doc. Simply copy this last prompt and paste it into the same conversation. Just remove this placeholder and add one of your selected video idea. When you hit enter, it writes the kind of script that blows up. I'm talking about creepy, suspenseful story with an engaging hook. This is how easy and quick it is. Just copy, paste and watch the algorithm love you. Now technically you can definitely create such videos for free using multiple AI tools and hours of editing. But mark my words those will look as those free AI tools aren't that capable of generating such cool animations and the video style that your competitors are making. So the tool that solved all of these problems was Clippy AI. This tool makes it extremely easy to create viral short videos in minutes. You've probably seen it before being used for fake text stories or Twitter thread videos, but they've just released a brand new template specifically designed for this dark cartoon niche. So, head over to this tool from the description of this video. Once you've signed up, you'll be brought to this dashboard. Now, before moving forward, if you're finding this helpful so far, make sure you hit that like button and subscribe. I share new AI tools, trending niches, and faceless channel strategies every week. Click on the creepy cartoon feature, and you will be led to this dashboard. You can choose the AI script writer option to generate the video script from just a prompt. But for now, I'll just paste the script generated by chat GPT. Then select an art style from the options given below. For this specific niche, the dark cartoon style is perfect, but you can definitely experiment with others. Now, in the voice section, you can choose a voice over. As you can see, it offers a wide range of options. You can also preview a voice by clicking here. I particularly like Liam's voice as it perfectly matches with the videos of our niche. Below are some additional settings like stability and similarity. You can adjust them using the slider. Lastly, click on the generate scenes button. It will start generating visuals according to your entered script. So, let's skip the generation process. And as you can see, the scenes are ready. Now, this is very cool. It lets you fine-tune every detail. You can edit the script of a particular scene. You can also regenerate a scene for free if you didn't like one. Simply modify or enter a completely new image prompt. Choose a prompt mode and click on this regenerate button and a completely new image will be added. So once everything looks good, let's move forward to the background section. You can choose a background music from here. As you can see, it has a wide range of options. Ideally, the niche we're replicating uses this background music. Therefore, I'll choose the same. You can even upload your own background audio. The following slider is used to adjust the volume of the background music and this one is used to increase the speed. Next, choose a transition style. For now, I'll go with the smooth option. From below, you can choose the particles and sound effects option to be added automatically in the video. As of now, I will only select the particles option. The last section is captions. You can choose a caption style from the options given. From here, you can modify some additional settings based on your needs like caption positioning, its size, font, and much more. Finally, we're all set. Click on the export button. Enter a name for your file and click render video. Clippy will start the video generation. So, let's fast forward the generation process. And as you can see, our video is ready. Simply click this button to download the video. Here's how it looks. Did you know there's a Mr. Beast video that was filmed but never released? Back in the early days of his channel, rumors say Mr. Beast took a group of contestants to an abandoned island for one of his insane challenges. But this wasn't just any island. Locals called it cursed, a place where voices echoed at night. The cameras captured something else. Contestants claimed they heard whispers in the trees like someone was calling their names. Crew members reportedly begged to leave, saying the island felt alive. The next morning, filming stopped. The footage was never uploaded, and no one in the crew ever spoke publicly about what happened. To this day, fans claimed the lost challenge was destroyed. Others say the tapes still exist, hidden in a vault, waiting for the day someone dares to upload them. Bro, are you kidding me? This actually looks insane. But wait, posting videos is just the beginning. Here are some tips to start making money from day one. Don't just stick to one platform. Once your video is ready, post that exact video on multiple platforms. Same content, zero extra work, and you're reaching entirely new audiences on each platform. Also, the prompts which I've created for you guys is what makes your channel unique and videos stand out against the competitors. On top of that, comment viral below. If you want the secret prompt I used to extract SEO optimized titles and tags for each video. Lastly, if you're serious about making money online, then I've also included monetized and aged YouTube accounts inside my Discord server. This means you can start earning from day one instead of waiting for the 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 watch hour threshold. In fact, one of my Discord member just followed this strategy and successfully monetized an aged channel right away. And that's how easy it is to launch a faceless channel in this creepy cartoon niche. You have now got the tool, the prompts, and the entire blueprint to start creating viral videos in minutes. This niche won't stay hidden for long, so don't wait until everyone else catches on. The link to Clippy AI is in the description along with the free Google doc full of prompts inside my Discord. And if you found this helpful, make sure to subscribe because I've got even crazier AI side hustle videos coming next week. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next



AI Fanvue is Exploding... Here's How to Get In (Before It's Too Late)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrhmxJWvL98

🔗Websites and tools mentioned in the video:
Prompt (on discord):   / discord  
Influencer Studio: https://influencerstudio.com/

Create Viral Shorts Videos using AI👇
https://www.aicut.pro/?via=aiupskill

✅ Create Stunning Images using this FREE AI tool with one click!👇
https://app.leonardo.ai/?via=ai-upskill

This girl right here? Is not even real. But she 
makes over $50,000 every single month through brand sponsorships, selling exclusive content, and 
posting reels online. And she’s not alone. There are many other AI influencers taking over social 
media, earning thousands of dollars every month, and building entire fanbases out of thin air. 
But here’s the problem. A lot of people struggle to create consistent characters and have no clue 
how to actually use these AI influencers to make money. So today, I’m going to show you exactly 
how to build your own AI influencer model, using just one tool. First, we’ll create an 
extremely realistic AI model. Then we’ll use that model to generate exclusive content. After that, 
we’ll create reels and short videos that go viral. And finally, I’ll show you how to make brand 
promotional UGC videos with your AI influencer. And by the end of this video, I’ll even reveal my 
secrets on how to actually monetize them quickly. The only challenge here is understanding how to 
prompt your model perfectly. Which is why I’ve already created a free ChatGPT prompt you can use 
yourself. So make sure you stick with me till the end. Welcome to AI Upskill, let’s get started. Now 
the most important part of this entire process is your prompt. Because no matter how powerful the AI 
tool is. If your prompt sucks, your AI influencer will too. Most people underestimate this part, but 
the prompt literally defines how real your model will look. That is why I have built a pro-level 
prompt. The results you’ll get from this will shock you. You’ll see what I mean in just a 
minute. It can be accessed directly from my Discord video-prompts channel. Once you paste 
it into Chat GPT, it instantly generates five realistic and ethnicity-specific model ideas. 
Each with a unique body shape, personality, and name. So pick the one that feels right, and 
let’s move to the fun part. So in order to create such an influencer, you normally need several 
different AI tools. First, for generating a base image of the model. Another for generating 
exclusive content. And a third for Instagram reels or video. And still, you’ll end up with this 
disaster. The face changes, the hairs different, and it just never looks like the same person. 
Consistency is the number one problem that people face. And that's where Influencer Studio comes 
in. An AI tool designed specifically to create consistent AI influencer models across every photo 
and video. So once you've signed up using my link in the description, your dashboard will look 
something like this. Now here’s the exciting part. In the next five minutes, you’ll see how 
to create an AI Model with exclusive content and reels that look 100 percent real. But really 
quick. If you’re finding this helpful so far, make sure you hit that like button and subscribe. 
I cover AI niches like this every week, and trust me, you don’t wanna miss what’s coming next. Let’s 
start by creating our model. Go to the Influencer section and click “Create”. Choose the second 
option to generate photos with AI. You can select from existing models, but I recommend starting 
from scratch. Simply paste in the influencer name we generated from Chat GPT and click “Pick 
Avatar”. Now copy all the customizations like ethnicity, body shape, age, and hairstyle 
from your Chat GPT prompt. Also paste in the additional attributes and click “Next”. 
Influencer Studio starts generating a batch of images based on your customization, and this is 
where things get wild. Every image has incredible skin texture and realism. If you're not happy with 
those previews, you can easily create more. Just pick the one that best fits your needs. And that 
becomes your model, all set to make money for you. Now that our influencer is ready, it’s time to 
create the type of content that actually sells. Watch closely. Inside the Influencer section, 
select your generated model so that every image maintains consistency. Simply enter any prompt 
in the following box like any lifestyle photo, gym session or anything that fits your mood. 
Then choose the number of images you want, I’ll go with four. Also, set the aspect ratio 
to 9 by 16, perfect for Instagram stories and posts. Lastly hit generate. Within seconds, 
you’ll get four incredibly realistic images where your model looks perfectly consistent. Now 
to create exclusive content for platforms like Fanvue. Simply enter a new prompt that includes 
a more exclusive thing. And within seconds, influencer studio does the job. Obviously, 
as the images are so realistic, I will have to blur them. Imagine uploading this to Fanvue 
or OF, and no one realizing it's AI. But 99% of people fail because they only post boring static 
pics. But what really drives engagement are reels. If you’ve seen those viral AI girls dancing on 
your Instagram feed, this is exactly how they do it. The difference? Ours will look cinematic 
and consistent, not plastic like others. So, go to the Video feature inside your generated 
model. From the advanced settings, upload one of your model image as a reference. Then, enter 
a motion prompt, such as "dancing" or "walking". Select the aspect ratio and duration based on 
your needs. From below, select a video model. I would recommend going with the Kling 2.5, as 
it is cheaper than the Veo model. So once you’re done, simply click the “Generate” button. What you 
get is a video with your AI model dancing or just vibing, and it looks shockingly real. This is how 
you grab attention on Instagram. Now I’m going to show you how to create brand sponsorship with your 
exact model. As brands only work with influencers who can promote and sell their products, just 
like a real creator. So head to the Advanced section and go to the “Audio” feature. In the 
text-to-speech option, simply enter the script you received from the brand. Then choose a voice 
that matches your model’s personality. Influencer Studio supports dozens of voices from Eleven Labs. 
Finally, click the "Generate" button. And you’ll instantly get a natural-sounding voiceover. Let 
us now make her hold the product. Go back to the Influencer section. Select your model and head 
to the UGC section. From here, enter a video prompt and upload one of your model image as a 
reference. Choose an aspect ratio and duration for your video. Then, select a video model. I’m 
going with Kling 2.5. Then upload the product image you want to promote. And lastly, upload the 
generated voiceover. Once you’re done, click on the “Generate” button. And within seconds, you’ll 
get a brand-ready video where your AI influencer is holding and talking about the product. This is 
how you get brands to notice you. Now, this is the part where most videos end. They show you how to 
make an influencer but not how to actually make money using it. So here’s how you play it smart. 
The easiest way to start is through exclusive content which I showed you guys earlier. Platforms 
like OF, Fanvue, and Instagram Subscriptions are built exactly for this type of work. But don’t 
stop there, brand sponsorships and UGC videos are where the bigger money is. Reach out to small 
brands, show them the sample promotional videos you created using Influencer Studio, and offer 
to make similar ads for their products. You’ll be shocked at how many brands are open to AI-based 
influencer campaigns right now. Lastly, comment “exclusive” below if you want access to my secret 
prompts that I use to create exclusive content. And with that, you not only learned how to make 
an AI influencer but also how to turn it into a business. You now have an all-in-one AI tool. With 
the necessary prompts. And an entire blueprint that real creators are using to build six-figure 
incomes. So don’t sleep on this, give Influencer Studio a try using the link given below. And 
access the free Google Doc with all the prompts from my Discord server. If you found this video 
helpful, make sure to like, subscribe, and share it with someone who’s into AI side hustles. Thanks 
for watching, and I’ll see you in the next one.









Google Opal Tutorial | Build FREE AI Apps in 5 MINUTES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur3B6BrZ9gk

What if you could build your own
app to automate your daily routines by just describing what you need? That's exactly what we're doing
in this Google Opal Tutorial, building a complete AI app. If you're tired of repetitive tasks,
you'll want to stick around because I'll show you how to automate them in minutes. So what exactly is Opal? It's Google Labs' AI workflow builder
- think of it as your software genie. You describe what you need in
plain English, and Opal builds the complete app for you. No coding skills required,
and it's completely free." Now, we'll start by building a simple
app so you can see exactly how it works. Then, as a bonus, I'll show you a
complex workflow I built that uses Google VEO to generate videos automatically. We’ll start our tutorial
on the Opal website. Here you can see some apps I already
created but, if it's your first time here, you’ll just see this Gallery, which
contains apps created by the Opal Team. We can click on one app to use it, see
how it was built and even make a copy to our workplace to use as a template. But, let's get back to the
main page because we want to create an app from scratch. Here we’ll click the button “Create New”. This brings us to the Editor page. This page has 2 important areas. The first is the object's bar
on the top and the second is the prompt box on the button. Here, on the prompt box,
is where the magic begins. For our first app we’ll automate
the creation of blog posts. We’re going to tell Opal exactly
what we want our app to do. I’ll paste in a prompt I wrote earlier:
“I want an app that takes a topic and generates an informative, well-structured
blog post along with a banner image.” After I hit enter, you
can see Opal get to work. As you can see, my instruction was
quite generic, I just said what I wanted but I haven’t provided any technical
specifications or how to do the process. It's because Opal, different from other
AI tools, is capable of understanding my goals and translates them into a workflow. Ok... the app is done and it took less
than 1 minute to create it, I'm impressed! You can see on the workflow, it separate
the tasks in nodes, it has a node for research then, another to write the
post outline, one for the post script and one to generate the banner image. First, let’s execute the app and,
while it processes, we’ll look at each node and see how it works. On the right panel, we can see the
app preview, here you can change the name and description of the app. WeI’ll click on “Start” and our app
is running, you can see the input topic page. On the workflow you
can also see an animation on the first node, showing it’s running. We’ll paste the request: “Generate an
article explaining whether the U.S. stock market is currently in a bubble, including
key indicators, recent trends, and the factors driving market valuations.” Ok, it's processing and now
we’ll see what each node does. The first node is the ‘Get Topic”,
once we click on the node, we can see on the right panel the node details. This one is a simple input
node so it just has a message text that you can alter here. The connected lines connect the
nodes and indicate the direction and dependencies of the workflow. You can easily create or modify
it by clicking on the lines or on the right dot on each node and
dragging a line to another workflow. The next node is the “Do Research”,
you can see it’s a more complex workflow, it receives the topic
information and uses the model Gemini 2.5 Flash to plan and execute,
using this prompt created by Opal. The prompt is an area where you
can easily alter and to try to improve your app performance. For now we’ll leave as it is and we’ll
check the next node “Write Outline”. This one receives the research
result, has a prompt to guide the model and uses Gemini 2.5 Flash. If you click on the model, you open the
model selection tab and, as you can see, Opal is deeply integrated into Google
ecosystem and from here we can select chat models as well as the latest Google
image, video and music generators. At the end of this tutorial, I’ll
show you an advanced app I created with Opal that generates short video
clips with voice overs and music. Next in line we have the two nodes
that receive as input the Outline, the “Generate Banner” that uses the
“Nano Banana” model to create the banner image and the “Write Post” node
that actually writes the post text. Those 2 nodes are connected to the last
node “Display Blog”, which is a simple output node and serves to define how
we want our information displayed. If you click here, you can see the output
types supported. For this tutorial we’ll use the auto-layout but its ability to
generate the output into Google Docs, sheets or slides opens many possibilities. By the way, if you're finding this
tutorial useful, hitting that subscribe button and liking the video really
helps support the channel and ensures you don't miss out on future videos. So, back to the preview tab, our
app already finished the blog post, let’s look at what it produced. We have a complete, well-structured
blog post with multiple sections, and right at the top, a custom-generated
banner image that fits the topic. The whole process, from prompt to
finished product, can happen in just minutes, though the exact time can vary
depending on how complex your app is. But here’s the best part. This app isn’t just for you. With one click on the "Share"
button, Opal generates a public link. You can send this link to anyone,
and they can use the AI app you just built using their own Google account. No servers, no hosting,
no complicated deployment. You just built and published
a shareable web app. This is what makes Opal so
powerful for rapid prototyping. You can go from a simple idea to
a shareable product in minutes. Now, I’ll show you an example of a
complex app, capable of generating a full short video, using Google VEO for
the videos, voice-overs using AudioLM and the soundtrack using Lyria2. This is a Short Video Creator App. This workflow was generated
using a complex prompt but Opal managed to generate it in one go. I’ll show you what the workflow does
but before... I have to inform you, by the time I recorded this video, Opal
was in experimental mode and it had a very limited free quota to generate
videos, so, for now this kind of complex workflow would hit that limit but it
helps to illustrate what you’ll be able to generate with Opal in the near future. So, back to the start, first we have
the 2 input nodes, one for the Topic and other to add any information
we want to provide about the topic. Then it uses Google capacities to
perform a Deep Research on the topic. With the research result, we have
the nodes to generate the video information (Metadata, video title,
video keywords and description). We also use the research result and
topic to generate the prompts to create the video, speech and the sound track. Those are the nodes that actually
generate the media, we’re using Google VEO for the video, Google AudioLM for the
speech and Lyria2 for the sound track. Of course, we couldn’t forget to
generate the thumbnail for the video too, using Google Image 4. As you can see, this tool
has some massive potential. Google Opal is one of the most exciting
no-code tools I’ve seen in a while. It lowers the barrier for creating
AI-powered tools, turning anyone with an idea into a builder. While it’s still an experimental
project from Google Labs, it’s perfect for creating custom content
generators, automating research, or just bringing a unique idea to life. Now that it’s available
in over 160 countries, the possibilities are truly endless. If you found this tutorial helpful
and want to see more breakdowns of game-changing AI tools, hitting
that like button really helps the channel reach more people. And of course, make sure you subscribe
so you don’t miss the next video. So, what are you going to build? Let me know your ideas
down in the comments. Thanks for watching, and
see you on the next one!.





Premium AI for FREE | UNLOCK ALL Pro AI Models (Legally)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMBfT07eW2o

Premium AI for FREE - Access VEO3, Gpt-5, Gemini, Opus 4.1 without paying! Discover the best free AI tools. 👉 SUBSCRIBE for more:    / @discovery-zone2  

Are you tired of paying for multiple AI subscriptions? In this video, I'll show you how to access PREMIUM AI FOR FREE using a legitimate research platform that gives you unlimited access to the world's best AI models - all without spending a penny!

WHAT YOU'LL LEARN:
• How to generate videos with Google VEO3 for free
• How to generate images with Google Nano Banana free
• How to access free ChatGPT Plus features without the $20/month subscription
• Get free Claude Pro capabilities without paying $20/month
• Use free Google Gemini Advanced features at zero cost
• Compare multiple AI models side-by-side instantly
• Access all free AI video generator and free AI image generator tools

THE PLATFORM: CHATBOT ARENA (LMArena.ai)
This isn't some sketchy workaround - it's a legitimate research platform from UC Berkeley that needs user feedback to rank AI models. You get free access to premium features in exchange for helping create an unbiased, crowdsourced leaderboard.

THREE POWERFUL FEATURES:
1. SIDE-BY-SIDE COMPARISON - Test multiple AI models simultaneously to find which works best for your needs
2. DIRECT CHAT ACCESS - Use any premium model directly without subscriptions
3. BATTLE MODE - Vote anonymously on AI responses and contribute to research

WHY THIS MATTERS:
Instead of paying $100+ monthly for various AI subscriptions, you can test all the best free AI tools and premium models in one place. Make informed decisions based on real performance, not marketing hype. Whether you need text generation, image creation, or video synthesis - it's all available with reasonable usage limits.

Stop wasting money on AI subscriptions you don't fully utilize. Get Premium AI for FREE today and join thousands discovering the best AI tools without breaking the bank!


You've been told a lie. The lie is that to get the best and the most powerful AI models, you have to spend $20 a month for ChatGPT plus another $17 for Claude Pro, and then another subscription for Google's top Gemini model? You're told that if you wanna use the shiniest new toys from OpenAI, Anthropic, and Google, you have to pay the entrance fee for each one. But what if I told you that's not the whole story? What if there was a place the AI labs themselves use to battle test their models? A completely legal platform that gives you a front row seat to see how models like GPT five high, Claude 4.1 Opus Thinking, and Gemini 2.5 pro perform against each other. Forget the marketing hype. In this video, I'm going to show you the one platform that lets you test, compare, and use a massive range of premium and open source AI models for free. This isn't about some limited free trial that expires. It's about an incredible AI testing ground that will change the way you choose your AI tools forever. Let's be honest. The AI landscape is confusing and expensive. Every week, a new model drops claiming to be the new king. GPT five comes out and everyone is amazed. Then reports show Claude four one Opus might be better for coding tasks. Google announces a new Gemini version that seems to top the charts on a specific benchmark. How are you supposed to know which one is actually the best for you? Is GPT five really the master of all trades? Is Claude better for creative writing? Is an open source model like llama three actually better for your specific tasks than the paid options? The default solution has been to just pay for all of them or pick one and hope you made the right choice. You're flying blind, relying on company published benchmarks and Twitter hype. You might be paying for a subscription to an AI that isn't even the best tool for your job. This creates a huge barrier. The core problem isn't just the cost. It's the lack of transparency. You can't make an informed decision without a neutral playing field. Until now, the platform I'm talking about is called the chatbot arena, which you can find at L M Arena Dot A I. Now let me be clear. This isn't a piracy site or some temporary glitch. It's a massive open source research project started by researchers from institutions like UC Berkeley, designed to benchmark large language models in a real world setting. Think of it like an AI coliseum. Instead of relying on static academic tests, the chatbot arena pits two anonymous models against each other. You enter a prompt, you get two responses, and you decide which one is better. Why is this so powerful? Because it's crowdsourced, anonymous, and based on human preference, the ultimate metric for quality. This process generates a dynamic, constantly updated leaderboard using an Elo rating system. This leaderboard isn't based on a company's marketing. It's based on real users, making it one of the most respected, unbiased rankings in the AI industry. So how do you use this to your advantage? Let me walk you through it. First, navigate to elmarana.ai. You'll notice there's no mandatory sign up to get started, though creating a free account lets you save your chat history. You'll see a few options, but the three most important are ones on the top left bar, battle, side by side, and direct chat. Let's start with the side by side mode. This is your personal AI testing lab. Let's say you're a student who needs to summarize a dense academic paper and wants to know whether Claude or Gemini is better. Here, you can select Claude 4.1 Opus on one side and Gemini 2.5 Pro on the other. They are the top models for coding. Now you give them both the same prompt. Generate a simple, playable HTML, CSS, and JavaScript game for a web browser that combines elements of ancient mythology and futuristic technology. You can watch in real time as they generate their answers and compare the quality and speed, and you just got a personalized answer without spending a dime. Let's check the generated games side by side. On the left side is the Opus 4.1, and on the right side, Gemini 2.5. The games are very simple but it was a simple prompt too. Let me know which one you prefer. So the next option is direct chat. Here, you can pick almost any model from the leaderboard, from OpenAI's latest models to llama four, and chat with it directly just like you would with ChatGPT. It's perfect for when you already know which model you wanna use. For instance, you could select a powerful model like GPT five High and ask it to generate a website similar to Airbnb. Finally there's battle mode. This is where you become a voter and directly influence the global leaderboard. You enter a prompt and get responses from two anonymous models. Let's say you ask both to what is a meteor? Model a gives you a decent response. Model b's is just a bit better. You vote for model b. The moment you vote, the platform reveals their identities. Maybe you just discovered that a new open source contender you'd never heard of of outperformed a major premium model. Now it's crucial to know that to prevent abuse and manage the immense cost of running these models, the platform does have some usage limits. This is not a secret backdoor to unlimited use. If you use it a lot, you might be asked to come back in a few hours. But even with these fair limits, the value you get for free is incredible. If you're finding this valuable and wanna stay ahead of the curve on AI and new technologies, please hit that subscribe button right now. My goal is to cut through the hype and bring you the tools and strategies that actually work, and your support helps me do that. But what is more impressive is ella marina isn't just for text. It's a multimodal powerhouse. Remember the direct chat mode? It's not just for words. The platform supports vision language models from major providers like OpenAI and Google. You can select a top tier image model like Google's Gemini 2.5 Flash, nicknamed nano banana, generate visuals right in the chat, and even upload a reference images. For example, select nano banana and prompt it to create a photorealistic image of a vintage bookstore on a rainy night with glowing neon signs reflected on the wet pavement. It's an amazing resource for creators who need high quality visuals without a paid subscription. But it gets even better. Video. Through the official LM Arena Discord group, they are offering free access to generate video with some of the most advanced models available, including Google's v e o three model and others like Pika and Sora. This is your chance to experiment with bleeding edge technology that is almost impossible for the public to access otherwise. For instance, you could use a model like Google's v e o three to execute a prompt like a cinematic wide shot of a futuristic city at sunset with shimmering skyscrapers. But the most powerful feature might be the leaderboard itself. This is your cheat sheet to the entire AI industry. On the leaderboard page, you can see the current rankings of all major text, vision, and even video models based on millions of votes. This lets you stop guessing and find the absolute best tool for your specific job with rankings that are constantly updated as new models are released. So let's bring this all together. You don't have to pay for multiple expensive subscriptions to access the best AIs. The truth is with a tool like chatbot arena, you no longer have to guess which AI is best. You can check it incredible open source models you never knew existed. And you can use the unbiased, community driven rankings to make an informed decision about where to invest your time and money. This isn't about getting unlimited access to a pro account for free. It's about something much more valuable, knowledge. Now I want to hear from you. Go to the website, try out the battle mode, and tell me in the comments below, what are your thoughts about the platform? And if you haven't already, subscribe



Google's Agent Engine Memory Bank - FINALLY a Long-Term Memory for AI Agents (2025)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXGcfngCG0U


Hey guys, don't you hate explaining yourself to a chatbot only for it to forget everything on the next session? It's the single most frustrating part of AI. What if that problem could finally be solved? That is what Google just solved with the release of Vertex AI memory bank. It's one of the single biggest breakthroughs of 2025. That experience happens because the language models don't save any conversation history. Every time you start a new chat, it's like meeting a stranger all over again, forcing you to repeat yourself. But Google is tackling this head-on with an innovative new managed service called Vert.Ex AI Agent Engine Memory Bank. It's designed to give AI agents a true persistent long-term memory, making interactions feel personal and continuous across multiple sessions. So today we're going to break down exactly what memory bank is, explore the clever technology that makes it work, and show you how you can start using it. So to understand why most agents have this digital amnesia, we need to look under the hood. At their core, the large language models that power them are stateless. Think of it like having a conversation with someone who has no short-term memory. They only know what you're saying in that exact moment and what's in their limited context. window. Once the conversation ends or a new session begins, that context is gone. For a while, developers tried a brute force fix, just cramming the entire past conversation history into the prompt every single time you send a message. But as you can imagine, this gets incredibly expensive with token usage. It slows down response times to a crawl, and it can actually confuse the model by overwhelming it with irrelevant details. A slightly more elegant approach is basic retrieval augmented generation or rack. This is where the agent searches a database of past conversations for snippets that seem relevant. But this has its own issues. It often suffers from rigid granularity might store the fact that you're planning a trip to Italy completely separate from the fact you have a gluten allergy. The two memories never connect. This is exactly the problem that Vertex AI memory bank is built to solve. It's a fully managed service on Google Cloud that automates the creation, management, and retrieval of long-term memory for your AI agents. Think of it as the agents personal brain. It intelligently identifies which parts of a conversation are essential to remember, ensuring seamless continuity without needing to store the entire chat history. This allows for truly personalized interactions as the agent can automatically select and use relevant information from your past conversations. It understands your preferences and history leading to a significantly improved user experience that feels coherent and natural, not frustrating and repetitive. Ultimately, it provides an adaptable, continuously learning memory system that makes the agent smarter about you over time, resolving the core issue of statelessness. So, what's the secret sauce here? How does Memory Bank actually pull this off? It all comes down to two clever mechanisms that Google calls reflection. First, there's prospective reflection. This is the part that creates the memories. It acts like a smart summarizer, taking all the fragmented bits of information you've shared across different conversations and using another language model to synthesize them into a single cohesive memory. So instead of having three separate messy notes about your trip, it creates one clean entry like user is planning a gluten-free trip to Italy in May. But creating the memory is only half the battle. The second part is retrospective reflection. This is where the system learns and gets smarter over time. It uses reinforcement learning to figure out which memories were actually useful in a given conversation. For example, when you're booking a flight, it learns that remembering your seat preference is helpful, but your gluten allergy isn't. By learning from what works, it refineses its retrieval process, making sure it pulls up the most relevant context next time. It's this one two punch that makes the memory so intelligent. Okay, that's the theory, but how do developers actually put this into practice? Google provides two main paths. For maximum flexibility, there's a REST API. This lets you plug memory bank into almost any agent framework you're using like lang chain or llama index. But if you want the easy button, you can use the Google agent development kit or a DK. With the ADK, the memory management is handled automatically for you with no extra coding required. And it really works. In demos, a user can mention they love hiking and have a dog named Max. Then in a completely new session, they can ask, "Do you remember who I am?" And the agent recalls those details perfectly. That's persistent personalized memory in action. So that's a look at Vertex AI's memory bank. It's a powerful managed service that finally gives AI agents a real long-term memory. By overcoming the stateless nature of LLM, it enables truly persistent and personalized interactions that feel more natural and continuous. What do you think about this leap forward in AI memory? Let me know your thoughts in the comments below. And if you enjoyed this video, please hit that subscribe button for more content. Thanks for watching.
























