

I Analyzed 93,421 YouTube Videos To CRACK The Algorithm

I analyzed every single video uploaded by the top 100 YouTubers to figure out how they get views. And after studying things like how long are their titles, how much text do they put in their thumbnails, what kinds of words do they use in their videos, and a bunch of others, I uncovered 21 insights that will hopefully help you get more views than a Minecraft brain roll video. But before we can get into that, you probably spammed X the moment I said I analyzed every single video uploaded by the top 100 YouTubers. And look, you're right to be skeptical because it turns out the top 100 YouTubers combined have uploaded 93,421 videos and spoken over 286 million words. To put that into perspective, it taken me about 4 and 1/2 years to manually watch through all of those videos. And that's assuming I don't even take breaks to eat, sleep, or help mom fix her Wi-Fi for the 27th time. Have you tried turning it on and off yet again? But luckily, I have a plan to analyze all this data and figure out what the top YouTubers are doing in their videos that go on to get so many views. And here it is. Step one, child label. No. So, first I use the YouTube API to make a list of the top 100 most subscribed YouTubers in the world, excluding any brand, kids, or non-English channels. Go on, you get it. Step two. Then, I paid my developer friend to build a custom software program that will download every single long- form video, title, thumbnail, and transcript. And then finally, I begged my data scientist friends to use all of the data to reverse engineer the videos from these top 100 YouTubers. And doing all of this left me with a ton of insights and enough graphs to make statistic with tears of jealousy. And today, I'm going to show you 21 of the most interesting graphs to help you understand how the top YouTubers create their content. Starting with clickability. See, if you're a YouTuber, you know that getting viewers to click on your videos is more important than remembering to disconnect your phone from the living room speaker. So, how do the top 100 YouTubers create their titles and thumbnails? Well, first let's look at thumbnails. And I've got eight interesting graphs to show you. And the first thing I wanted to know is how many words do the top YouTubers put in their thumbnails? To find out, the custom software I built ran every thumbnail in our list through AI that identified how much text was in it. It kind of works like chat GBT except it can analyze 93,000 thumbnails in one go. And it UI looks like And here's what I found. This graph shows the percentage of top YouTubers who put text in their thumbnails year-over-year. So, we can see from about 2006 to 2010, less than 40% of the top 100 YouTubers tended to put text in their thumbnails. But that all changed and more and more started putting text until about 70% tended to put text in their thumbnails in 2013. Interestingly though, from there things started to drop off a little bit. And if we just look at data from the last year, you can see that 41.6% primarily don't have any text at all and 58.4% do. And bear in mind, if a thumbnail has any clearly visible words in it, for example, like text on this shirt or this sign, it's going to be lumped into this 58%. So, if we excluded those, the percentage of top YouTubers primarily opting for no text thumbnails would probably be even higher. So, based on this data, it looks like a surprising amount of big YouTubers prefer to show rather than tell when it comes to thumbnails. In saying that, 58% of the top YouTubers do usually put text in their thumbnails. And out of those creators, this graph shows how many words on average they put in their thumbnails. And it shows us when the top channels do add text, it's usually between 1 to three words. Unless you're most critical, who can somehow get away with thumbnails like this. Jokes aside, though, if we were to create a checklist that would help you model the top YouTubers thumbnails, it looks like the first item on that list would be either have no text in your thumbnails or keep the amount of text between 1 to three words. And if you thought that was interesting, just wait until you see some of the data coming up. Because the thing is not all words are equally clickable. So when the top YouTubers do include text in their thumbnails, what kinds of words do they add? Well, I use software and when I say I, I mean a developer who's much smarter than me to analyze the actual words in the thumbnails themselves. And after doing all that, here are some of the most interesting insights. Starting with language point of view. Now, language point of view is basically about who's talking and who's being talked to. And there are four main language points of view. First person language is when the speaker talks about themselves. You'll see words like I, me, my, we, and, in their thumbnails. I'll show some examples of first person language thumbnails on screen. Now, second person language is when the speaker talks directly to the audience using words like you or your. Again, some examples will be on the screen. Third person language is where the creator talks about someone else, not themselves, not their audience. So you'll see words like he, she, they, and them. And lastly, we have a non-personal or neutral point of view. Examples of this would be phrases like exposed, do this, or So the question is, what point of view do top YouTubers use in their thumbnails? Well, if we look at this graph, which is actually more of a circle, it shows us that 100% of the top 100 YouTubers primarily use neutral language in their thumbnail text. Now, when I first saw this, I thought it might be some sort of mistake. So, I also did this analysis on a per video level rather than per channel. And when we do that, we can see 91.6% of the thumbnails use neutral language, 3.6% using first person and 2.7 using third person. So, if we're to continue building out our checklist, it seems like using neutral words in thumbnails would be our next item. So, the top YouTubers use neutral words in their thumbnails. But how complex are those actual words themselves? Well, we use the fleshkincade readability tests that measure how difficult a passage of text is to understand. Now, the exact mathematical equation used is up on screen right now, but for those of us who aren't mathematologists, here are some examples of how the scoring system actually works. The text in this thumbnail would be given a rating of 1.2. This thumbnail scored a 2.1, and this thumbnail scored a whopping 11.5. Now, this graph shows the typical thumbnail text complexity across the top YouTubers we studied. And we can see the vast majority sit between a 1.2 two and a 1.9, meaning the average seven-year-old should have no problem reading and understanding them. Makes sense given the average thumbnail only has two to three words in it. Pretty much any two to three word sentence is going to be pretty easy to read. But if we were to add this to our checklist, if you wanted to model the top 100 YouTubers, you'd want it to score between 1.2 and 1.9 on the FKGL readability test. But obviously, there's more to a thumbnail than just the words used in it. What about colors? So, I built software similar to the one we use to analyze text in thumbnails, except we use it to identify colors in thumbnails. For example, if we look at this thumbnail, it has multiple colors like red, green, and white. But if you look closely or maybe even zoom out, you can see there's a lot of blue. The sky, the crowd, the color of Jimmy's shirt, and there's even a blue tint on the sky on the right hand side here. And so for this thumbnail, our software identified the primary color as blue. This thumbnail also has multiple colors, but the primary color would be purple. Primary color of this thumbnail is white. And by now, you probably get the idea. And when we looked across the top 100 YouTubers' thumbnails in the last year, this graph shows you what we found. So 52.3% of the top YouTubers have black or very very dark gray as their primary thumbnail color, followed by regular gray, then white, then red, orange, blue, brown, and green. Now, at first glance, it might seem surprising that a dark and boring color like gray is so common amongst the top YouTubers. Maybe it's so common because it's versatile. But regardless, if we just take the data at face value here and continue building our checklist, seems like the top YouTubers like to use black/ dark gray, regular gray, white, red, orange, or blue. But what about the actual objects inside of thumbnails, like faces for instance? Well, this graph shows the percentage of top YouTubers thumbnails in the last year that had faces in them. We can see 91.3% of top YouTubers tend to put faces in their thumbnails with 8.7% not, which makes sense because we're analyzing the biggest YouTubers in the world here. There are probably millions of people who recognize their faces. And so including their faces in their thumbnails will grab the attention of those people. And this might be a good point to mention an important caveat when it comes to data like this. See, just because a thing shows up in the data, it doesn't mean that thing caused that video to get so many views. For example, all pro basketballers are tall. That's an objective data point. However, that doesn't mean basketball causes tallness. But in saying that, the reason I still find all this YouTube data I'm showing you quite interesting is by definition, the top 100 YouTubers are very successful. And we know they've spent thousands of hours, millions of dollars, built teams around this, to test their titles, to maximize their thumbnails, to improve their video retention. And so when a bunch of them all start doing the same thing, whether it's using a similar amount of words, using a similar type of words, using similar type of colors, it could mean that that thing is inherently performing quite well on YouTube right now and might be something for you to test in your videos. In saying that though, just because this is data doesn't give you an excuse to throw common sense out the window. You need to think about all of this in context. But with all that being said, if you strictly want to create thumbnails that model those made by the top 100 YouTubers, here's your final checklist. First, when it comes to thumbnail text, use between 0 and three words. If you include text, use neutral language and score between 1.2 and 1.9 on the FKGL readability test. When it comes to visuals, use black/ dark gray, regular gray, white, red, orange, or blue, and include a face. But thumbnails are just one big piece of the clickability equation. What about titles? Well, we actually analyzed 93,421 titles from the top 100 YouTubers, which I actually found more interesting than the thumbnail data because titles are just a line of text, so they're a lot easier to analyze. And so, there are title related graphs I want to show you that will help us build out a title checklist if we want to model the top 100 YouTubers. Now, this graph shows how many words are in the titles of these videos. And it seems like the most common range is 6 to 8 words with the exact average being seven. Now, if we translate that to character count, we're looking at an average title length of about 42 characters. So, it seems like similar to thumbnails, big YouTubers like to keep things short and sweet when it comes to their titles. And if you're trying to model them, you should do the same. So, let's add that to our title checklist. Now, when it comes to point of view, remember there's first person, which is me, I, our language, second person, which is you, your language. Third person, which is they, them, he, she language, and neutral. Now, when it comes to title point of view, 69.7% use neutral language, 27% use first person language, with second and third person language being used by almost no one. So, if we're building out our checklist strictly based on the data, you should use non-personal language. But unlike with thumbnails, it looks like you can also get away with first person language. Now, when it comes to readability, the majority of titles seem to sit between 1.4 and 1.7. The average being 1.6, meaning again, simpler is better. And by the way, I know I'm going through all this quickly, but later on I'm going to give you the full checklist that's going to help you summarize and remember all this stuff really easily. But before I can give you that, there's actually three brand new insights that apply to titles, but not thumbnails as much. And the first one I want to show you is active voice versus passive voice. Now, active voice is basically the way most people normally talk. And the structure roughly follows a someone did something layout. For example, YouTube recommended me feet pics would be active voice. It's punchy, direct, and now you're questioning my watch history. Passive voice, on the other hand, flips the structure on its head. So instead of someone did something, it would be something was done by someone. So if active voice is YouTube recommended me feet pics, passive voice would be feet pics were recommended to me by YouTube. We're communicating the same thing except now it sounds like you're reading a Buzzfeed article. And to really bring home what that looks like, there are some examples on screen you can pause and look over. And lastly, we have neutral, which is any line of text that doesn't have a clear verb or action structure. But does all this even matter? Well, it seems like the answer is a resounding yes. This graph shows us that the top YouTubers always use neutral or active voice for their titles. Now, if we look at this on a per video level, we can see 1.6% of the top YouTubers videos do use passive voice, but active and neutral voice are the clear winners here. But when it comes to actually writing your titles, like actually typing the words themselves, how should you format things? Well, there are a couple of different ways of typing out your titles. There is title case, which is essentially where you capitalize the first letter of every single word. There's sentence case, where you capitalize the first letter of the first word, and then the rest of the title is lowerase. There's all caps, which is kind of self-explanatory. Then there's all lowercase, also self-explanatory. And then there's mixed, which is also very self. Now, if we look at this graph, we can see that the top YouTubers tend to use title case most frequently with 57.3%, 28.1% use a mixed capitalization strategy, followed by 6.7% using sentence case, 5.6% all caps, and 2.2% all lowercase. And in case you've ever wondered if you should put emojis in your title, it's definitely a no for me, though. 93.5% don't use emojis in their titles. So, if you want to model the titles from the top YouTubers, here is your final checklist. First, aim for a title length of about 6 to 8 words long. Be written in neutral language. Have a complexity score of 1.6 or below. Use active or neutral voice. And when it comes to typing your title, use title case. So, capitalize the first letter of every word. And stay away from emojis. So, on screen right now, you're going to see both of the checklists so you can screenshot them. But you may notice I didn't talk at all here about the actual video content or the transcripts from the top 100 YouTubers videos themselves. And that's because this video is getting long and I want to go to the beach. But if you're watching this in the future, that video will be somewhere on screen. You can click it, check out all the video content related insights. Anyway, massive thanks to everyone who helped out with this project. JV, Theres, Matt, Sashil, Dave, Bobby. And I hope you find the content analysis part of it just as interesting as you did the tile thumbnail analysis. Click that if it's on screen and I'll see you



I Analyzed 93,421 Viral Videos. Here's What I Learned...

This chart shows the typical video lengths from the top 100 YouTubers. Now, in the early days, you can see the top YouTubers videos usually lasted for around 5 minutes, which for the record ladies, is a decent amount of time. But then things started to trend up a little bit and recently in 2022, something big happened. See, Stranger Things season 4 released with movie length episodes and the top YouTubers were like, "Bet." And since then, the top YouTubers typical video length skyrocketed going all the way up to 21 minutes. But where does all this data come from and what does it mean for small YouTubers? Well, today I'm going to show you how I downloaded all the videos and words spoken on the top 100 YouTubers channels. And we're going to analyze things like how complex their words are, how fast they're spoken, whether they're more positive or negative, and five other things that will hopefully help you get more views than a see-through clothing haul video. And no, you cannot see my watch history. Jokes aside, since 2006, the top 100 YouTubers combined have uploaded 93,421 videos. In those videos, I found 42,000 hours worth of content with 286 million words spoken. Now, obviously, there's no way I'm going to manually analyze 42,000 hours of content. I love you guys, but not that much. So, here's what I did. First, I made a list of the top 100 most subscribed YouTubers, excluding brand, kids, or non-English channels. Then I paid my developer friend to go and build custom software that would grab all of their videos and transcripts. And finally, I begged my data scientist mates to help me turn all the data into enough graphs to resemble the New York Stock Exchange. And now that we have all this data, we can do some interesting analysis to help us understand how it is the top 100 YouTubers in the world actually make their videos. But before we get into that, first I want to quickly look at how the top 100 YouTubers actually post their videos. Specifically, how often do the top 100 YouTubers post? Well, we individually took each of the 100 channels from my list, downloaded all of its uploads, and then divided that by the number of months that channel existed. And after doing that to all the channels, we were left with this graph. The vertical axis shows us the number of videos posted per month, the horizontal showing us the years. Now, in the early days, we can see today's top 100 creators didn't post much, one to two videos a month. But that was all until 2010, where this happened. Posting volume increased almost as much as Minecraft let's play videos popularity. The average, which is this blue line, peaks in 2015, where the top YouTubers were posting an average of 13 videos per month. And the median, which is the red line, which is often more reliable because median doesn't get skewed massively by big outliers, peaked in 2018 with top channels typically posting about seven videos a month. But what's really interesting is if we keep drawing out these graphs, we can see both the median and the average go down. And if we just look at this graph, which shows us data from the last year, we can see the 100 most subscribed YouTubers typically post between one to five videos per month. Now, the average number of uploads per month is six, which is a little skewed from some channels down here that post a ton of videos per month, with the median, which is my preferred stat to pay attention to, sitting at about three. But what is this actually telling us? Well, it seems like the top creators definitely go for a quality over quantity approach. But if we go back to this year-on-year graph, it looks like before switching to a less frequent upload schedule, the top creators posted a lot of content to find their voice and refine their skills. And so using this data, if we were to build out a checklist that would help you model the top creators, the first item on the list would be quality over quantity. Specifically, upload one to five videos per month. But the caveat is in order to get there, you might need to first lean into quantity to develop your skills and find your voice. But that begs another question. When the top YouTubers do upload, what day do they upload on? To figure that out, I went to the Mr. Beast channel, then used our Big Brain software to download every single one of his videos publish dates, then converted those publish dates into days of the week, and tallied them up to find Mr. Beast's preferred publishing day, which is Saturday, in case you're wondering. And then from there, all I had to do was spend the rest of my weekend doing this exact same thing to the other 99 channels on my list. And look, after hearing this, I know what you're thinking. Marcus, how are you still single? Answer: I don't know. But what I do now know is the most common upload date for the top YouTubers. So here's that graph, which initially appears about as useful as a waterproof tea bag until we get to 2021, where I want to draw your attention to this glass cyan line that jumps out above the rest. Now that line represents Saturday. And if we look at data from just the last year, you can see that about 26.5% of the top YouTubers videos are uploaded on a Saturday, which makes sense. If you want viewers to binge your videos, they probably have more free time on the weekend compared to weekdays. And so, if we were to continue building out our checklist, uploading on Saturday would be the next point. Now, in a second, I want to show you some of the graphs and analysis I did for the words top 100 YouTubers actually speak in their videos. But before I can do that, one last question that needs answering about their videos themselves is how long are they? Well, using similar methodology to the previous graphs, we generated this one, which you would have seen from earlier. TLDDR. You can see here typical video links are up higher than a Snoop Dogg impersonator. But if we just look at this graph, which shows us the last year of data, we can see top YouTubers posting a range of different video lengths, some over 4 hours long. But those amongst you who use your eyes to see things probably picked up on the fact that most videos seem to be between 2 and 40 minutes in length. If we dial things in a bit more, we can see the average video length is 34 minutes with the median being 19.9 minutes. So, if you want your videos to m the top 100 YouTubers, I'd aim to keep your videos around 20 minutes long. So, let's add that to our checklist. But now we've got the highle video related stats out of the way. Let's analyze the top 100 creators actual speech. And I want to start by looking at how much the top 100 YouTubers speak, aka words per minute. It's a simple calculation. Basically, our software looks at the transcript of a video and counts the number of words in it, and then it divides that number of words by how many minutes long the video was, and that gives us words per minute. And if we now look at this graph that just shows us data from the last year, you can see the average words per minute is 134 with the median being about 156. To put that into perspective, the average human speaks at about 110 to 150 words per minute. But there's a big butt. See, those amongst you who use your brains to think things might have thought, but Marcus, if we just take the amount of words in a video and divide that by the number of minutes, if the video has a lot of silent patches of no talking, then the words per minute score is going to get skewed. It's going to appear like the creator is talking a lot slower than they actually are. And you would be right. It's one of the reasons I believe the average is much lower than the median here. See what interests me about this graph though. We can see these bars down here from 158 words per minute to 197 words per minute stick out from the rest. And from doing some manual analysis where I actually took a bunch of videos, manually cut out all of the silences to find the true words per minute score. These numbers seem a little more realistic, particularly the 168 to 187 bars. And so if we were to continue building out our checklist and you wanted to model the top YouTubers, I think I'd actually break words per minute into two separate points. The first point is more about how frequently the top YouTubers speak in their videos. Like how many actual words are in their videos on average per minute, and that looks to be about 156. But if we're looking more to understand how fast YouTubers are speaking, like the rate at which words come out of their mouth when they are talking, I think somewhere between 168 and 187 words per minute is a more accurate estimation. But that brings us to another question. See, when the top 100 YouTubers are speaking, how complex are the words they're saying? Well, we use the fleshkincade readability test to measure how difficult transcripts were to understand. The FKGL test was created in 1975 for the US military to assess the complexity of their training manuals. Now, the exact mathematical equation the test uses is up on screen, but for all the 1970s US Navy recruits among us, here are some examples of it in practice. This first passage of text is long with complicated words, giving it a score of 18.5. Compare that to this sentence, which only scores 4.1, which you can see is about equivalent to a sixth grade reading level. Much easier. Geopolitical jokes aside, though, I'll put some examples up on screen so you can pause the video and look at them. Now, when we analyzed all the transcripts from the 93,000 videos from the top YouTubers, we found that for most of their history, top YouTubers scored between three and four. But in the last year, we can see it's dipping faster than my Australian Wi-Fi during a Zoom meeting. And if we look at this graph which shows us last year in more detail, we can see the most common scores are between 1 and five. And so to model the top 100 creators, the next point of our checklist would be keep your reading level under five. Aka, the average elementary school student should be able to understand it. Now, I want to quickly jump in here cuz there's an important caveat you need to bear in mind. See, just because something shows up in the data I've shown you so far doesn't necessarily mean that thing caused the big YouTubers to be so successful. It can be easy to mix up correlation and causation. For example, all the pro basketball players are tall, but that doesn't mean basketball causes tallness. But the reason I still find all this data very interesting is by definition, the top 100 YouTubers are very successful. And we know that they have spent thousands of hours and millions of dollars testing every possible way to maximize their content and views. And when a bunch of these YouTubers independently all start doing the same thing, whether that's speaking below a certain grade level, using certain types of words, speaking at a certain rate, it signals to us that maybe there's something inherent about doing that thing that gets more views. In saying that though, we can't get lazy. We still need to think about this data in context and use our common sense. But that led me to another question. When it comes to tone, do the top YouTubers primarily speak about things in a positive way or a negative way? Well, to calculate this, we first broke tone down into buckets. We had negative tone, positive tone, neutral tone, mixed, and then we had no [ __ ] idea. I then used my software, and by I, I mean Bobby, my developer friend, to run LLMs over each sentence in every video in our study. For example, AI scored this sentence as negative because of the negative words used and the phrasing of them. On the other hand, it scored this sentence as positive. And this one wasn't particularly positive or negative, so it was scored as neutral. And so then after scoring all of the phrases in each of our videos transcripts, our AI would then decide whether that video was primarily positive, negative, neutral. You get the idea. And after doing that across all the videos in the top 100 channels, we ended up with this graph. Now, I get a lot of lines here, confusion, overwhelm. But the two things that I find most interesting are this red line, which represents negative videos, and this green line, which represents positive videos. And what we can see is if we track positive videos over time, we go from about 10% of the top 100 YouTubers videos being positive all the way up to around 40% with negative videos doing almost the exact opposite going from 40% down to around 6%. And we can see that more clearly if we just look at this graph which shows us videos from last year. 40.7% of the top 100 YouTubers tend to post positive videos, 32.9% post neutral videos, 20.4% are mixed, and 5.8% negative. So, if we were to add this to our checklist to model the tone of the top YouTubers videos, you want to try to be positive number one or at least neutral. But that led me to another question. When the top YouTubers are speaking, are they creator centric or viewer centric? For example, if I say you won't believe the results of this YouTube study, I'm talking about you. This is a viewer centric sentence. But if instead I say, I analyzed all the words from the top 100 YouTubers, I'm now talking about the same thing, but I'm talking about myself. It's me or creatorcentric language. So the question is how narcissistic are the top YouTubers? And if we just look at the last year, we can see narcissism is dunking on whatever the opposite of narcissism is. Is that what is that? Is that selflessness? In all seriousness though, 60% of the top YouTubers are primarily creator centric. They use eye language more in their videos with 40% being viewercentric. They use you language in videos. A caveat that is worth bearing in mind here though, and this goes back to our don't blindly take all data on face value point, but the majority of top YouTubers are entertainment channels primarily. And so I wouldn't be surprised if viewercentric language was a bit more common in education videos. But looking at the differences between education and entertainment, that's for another video. And so now let's go through our full checklist and add this to complete it. First, when it comes to posting videos, post between 1 to five videos per month. And if you want a specific number, the most common upload frequency is three videos per month. But bear in mind, the data seems to indicate the top YouTubers posted a lot of content and mastered their craft before slimming down their upload schedules. When you do upload, post on Saturdays. I'd aim to keep your videos around 20 minutes long. Now, in terms of the amount of words to use in your videos, top YouTubers have about 156 words per minute, but bear in mind that stat is not accurate when it comes to speed of speaking. For that, my best estimation is you want to be speaking about 168 to 187 words per minute. Now, for word complexity, you want to score under a five on the FKGL test and opt for a primarily positive or if you can't do that, at least neutral tone. And last but not least, embrace your inner narcissism and speak more about yourself than your viewers. But you may have noticed I didn't mention anything in this video about the top YouTubers titles or thumbnails, which are incredibly important. And that's because I actually made a whole video dedicated to top YouTubers titles and thumbnails. I'll link it up on screen so you can go check it out. So, click that video because at the end of the day, if people don't click on your video, they don't even get a chance to be exposed to your content. Massive thank you to everyone who helped me make this video. Was a massive project. JV, Matt, Charice, Bobby, Dave, Sashil. Wouldn't have been possible without these guys. And hopefully I'll see you in the tile and thumbnail
